{"text": " Dr. Verma has a strong focus on preventive Ayurvedic therapies and Ritucharya (Preventive Seasonal Ayurvedic Regimen). She is one of the first Ritucharya Consultants of the country. She helps people to develop a healthy seasonal food and lifestyle regimen in order to prevent lifestyle disorders.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Dr Buzanowska is board certified in Physical Medicine and Rehabilitation with subspecialty training in Interventional Spine and Musculoskeletal Medicine, from the University of Pennsylvania. Dr Buzanowska's work has focused on improving the quality of spine care and workforce diversity and inclusion, actively leading a Women's Leadership committee in the Neurological Institute of Cleveland Clinic. She is involved with strategic initiatives in the Center for Spine Health, which target the identification of appropriate and timely care paradigms for patients with spine conditions.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Even though her practice is not limited to a particular group, she enjoys pediatrics and women\u2019s health. She graduated from the Physician Assistant Program at Southern Illinois University in Carbondale in 2004 with Cum Laude honors. In addition to graduating with honors from SIUC, she received the Outstanding Transfer Student Award, was on the Dean\u2019s list, and was awarded the Highest GPA Award for the entering Physician Assistant program.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Dr. Morcuende graduated from Autonomous University of Guadalajara Faculty of Medicine in 1981 and has been in practice for 37 years. He completed a residency at University of Iowa Hospitals & Clinics. He currently practices at University of Iowa Hospitals & Clinics and is affiliated with University of Iowa Hospitals & Clinics. Dr. Morcuende accepts multiple insurance plans including Wellmark, Medicare and Humana.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Although primarily a clinician, she was the principal investigator on a national clinical trial of MarginProbe, a technology developed by Dune Medical Devices to assess lumpectomy margins in real time. UCI Health Pacific Breast Care Center is the first center in California to pair the MarginProbe system with Zeiss INTRABEAM\u00ae intraoperative radiation therapy (IORT), an effective and safe alternative to traditional radiation therapy.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " According to an article in the Ethiopian Herald from 2015, the intersection of the doctor\u2019s career and passion for music had led to his producing two albums \u2013 Deep Abyssinia and Tribal Magic.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Pace trained in Internal Medicine/Primary Care and is interested in preventive services for women and women\u2019s health care policy both in the U.S. and globally. In Rwanda, she is studying the experiences of women with benign and malignant breast disease at two Partners in Health-supported district hospitals. Dr. Pace is also working in the Women\u2019s Health Program of Partners in Health-Rwanda.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He is affiliated with Huntsville Hospital, Crestwood Hospital, and the Surgery Center of Huntsville. Certified by the American Association for Accreditation of Ambulatory Surgery Facilities, Dr. Durst's private practice is the only free-standing surgical facility in the area to provide plastic surgery procedures. He is available for interview upon request.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He is a member of the American Society of Aesthetic Plastic Surgery. Dr. Kovanda is a leader in breast augmentation procedures; for the past ten years has been an investigator in an FDA silicone breast implant study; published a paper on laser blepharoplasty; and practices advanced endoscopic treatments, power assisted lipoplasty, fat grafting for the body and face, and virtually every type of cosmetic and reconstructive breast surgery.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " After graduating Cum Laude from Towson University with a degree in nursing, and serving as an oncology nurse at Cobb Wellstar Hospital, Dr. Jenn decided to further her medical training. http://drjennpb.com/", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Dr. Nohara came to the Hudson Valley because she learned that there was not special unit for treating strokes anywhere nearby, Her new facility at Vassar Hospital opened last year. Her group handles treatment of brain, spine, carotid arteries, nosebleeds, and\u2014the subject of her talk\u2014strokes.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr Bob Medical Weight Loss Center at 999 Barclay Road doctors Indiana PA 15701. He began franchising it in by January, the program was available through pittsburgh more than 160 clinics most of which were operated by chiropractors.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She is Board certified in nephrology, hypertension and internal medicine and has served as Chief of Medicine at two hospitals. Not yet 40, Dr. Dua is also an instructor at UCLA medical center. Dr. Dua has a thriving clinical practice as well as partakes in clinical research involving anemia, vitamin replacement therapy and electrolyte disturbancess.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " She is a graduate of David Lipscomb University and the University of Tennessee College of Medicine. She and her husband have three sons and twin daughters. They live on a farm in Tennessee.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He's written some charming books about his experiences with patients; this is an equally charming book about his experiences with his own pets, from the first much-loved but inadequately socialized German shepherd growing up in England, to current pets shared with wife and daughters here in New England.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Fischer graduated from University of Alabama School of Medicine in 1997 and has been in practice for 21 years. He completed a residency at Carraway Methodist Medical Center. He currently practices at Philip J Fischer II MD and is affiliated with St Vincent's Birmingham. Dr. Fischer accepts multiple insurance plans including Aetna, Blue Cross Blue Shield of Alabama and Medicare.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He is currently involved in key heart transplant research projects under the Ministry of Science and Technology\u2019s \u201cEleventh Five-Year Plan\u201d Support Program.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He is board certified in neurosurgery by the Royal College of Physicians and Surgeons, and board certified by the American Board of Pediatric Neurological Surgery. He is also an assistant professor of neurosurgery and pediatrics at the David Geffen School of Medicine at UCLA. More >", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Before joining Prime Medical Center, he was connected with a multi-specialty hospital in India. He completed his Master\u2019s in Orthopedics from Lokmanya Tilak Municipal General Hospital (LTMGH), Mumbai, one of India\u2019s top 10 hospitals in India and one of the finest trauma centers in Asia. During his stint at LTMGH, he trained in the management of emergency and non-emergency fractures, infections of the bones and joints, pediatric orthopedics, and spine surgeries.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Her experience includes Billing and Reimbursement supervision, Practice Management and Consulting. She is currently president elect for the Central Indiana Chapter of the American Academy of Professional Coders.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He and Magda were among Israel's first settlers after it was declared a sovereign nation on May 14, 1948. They survived World War II and escaped the communist takeover in eastern Europe. They have two children, Henry Herzberger and Monica Wolfson, both among the first children born in Israel.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Chris has a medical degree from the University of Cambridge, and neurosurgical registrar training from Queen Square and King\u2019s College Hospitals in London. Among other roles he is a Co-Founder and Director of KC Surgical Training, a UK-based surgical education company, and Co-Founder and CEO of EduSurg Ltd., a medical education platform for surgeons in training. His main interests are in medical business strategy, healthcare management, entrepreneurship and strategic planning.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Williams graduated from Medical University of South Carolina College of Medicine in 2007 and has been in practice for 11 years. He currently practices at Mountain Valley Orthopedics PC and is affiliated with Lehigh Valley Hospital 17th St and Lehigh Valley Hospital Pocono. Dr. Williams accepts multiple insurance plans including Aetna, Medicare and Humana. Dr. Williams also practices at Mountain Valley Orthopedic Group in Tobyhanna, PA. In addition to English, Dr. Williams's practice supports this language: Spanish.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Margulies graduated from University of Hawaii John A Burns School of Medicine in 1985 and has been in practice for 31 years. He completed a residency at University of Hawaii John A Burns School of Medicine. He currently practices at Cedars Sinai Medical Center and is affiliated with Cedars-Sinai Medical Center, Ronald Reagan UCLA Medical Center and Southern California Hospital Culver City. Dr. Margulies accepts multiple insurance plans including Aetna, Medicare and PacifiCare (UnitedHealthcare). In addition to English, Dr. Margulies's practice supports these languages: French, Italian, Korean, Tagalog, Vietnamese, Arabic, Russian, Spanish and German.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Many children with untreated hydrocephalus do not survive or suffer significant cognitive disabilities; such outcomes are common in parts of the world where access to neurosurgery is scarce. In 2000, Warf became Medical Director and Chief of Surgery at the newly established CURE Children\u2019s Hospital in Mbale, Uganda, where he encountered a high incidence of hydrocephalus.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " A graduate of the Mercer University School of Medicine, Dr. Doelling completed her residency in pediatric medicine at the Emory University School of Medicine. Following her residency, Dr. Doelling worked at Egleston Children\u2019s Hospital caring for children with cardiac disease while serving as the medical director of the Cardiac Step-Down Unit. She then worked as a pediatric hospitalist, providing general pediatric inpatient care at Scottish Rite. She has held numerous leadership roles at Children\u2019s Healthcare of Atlanta, serving as the medical director of Inpatient Pediatric Hospital Medicine and the Medical Director at Scottish Rite.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " She is an associate professor (adjunct) at Queens University and NOSM. She founded and chaired the chronic pain committee at the College of Family Physicians of Canada from 2011 to 2016. Dr. Dubin co-chairs Project ECHO Ontario chronic pain/opioid stewardship, and has just completed a two-year term as the Canadian Pain Society Education group co-chair. Clinical interests include non-pharmacological chronic pain therapies (movement, self-management, mindfulness), managing complex patients with mental health or addictions, and educating primary care providers about chronic pain. Prior to medical school she completed a PhD in coral reef fish behavioural ecology.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Being the staff of Harvard\u2019s Brigham and Women\u2019s Hospital, he has gone a long way to reach his desired goal. For his Medical School, he joined The Ohio State University and completed his Undergraduate from Princeton University. To expertize himself in his area, he joined Massachusetts General Hospital as a Resident of General Surgery and worked as a fellow of Aesthetic Surgery from University of Texas Southwestern Medical Center. His certification is the best example to recognize him as a Plastic Surgeon and his membership of American Society of Plastic Surgeons (ASPS) and Fellow American College of Surgeons is the authentication of his experience. Dr. Guenther has hospital affiliation at South Shore Hospital, Beth Israel Deaconess and The Boston Center for Ambulatory Surgery", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He offers several popular options to his patients in Gilbert, Scottsdale and Chandler, AZ including breast augmentation, liposuction, tummy tuck, and more. In addition, Dr. Olson has a full menu of non-surgical medical spa treatments, like BOTOX\u00ae Cosmetic, laser hair removal, CoolSculpting\u00ae, and medical grade skincare options. For a complete list of procedures and services, or to learn more about Dr. Olson, be sure to visit Advanced Plastic Surgery Institute online today.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He obtained his medical degree from the University of South Florida and worked as a Resident of General Surgery from Thomas Jefferson University. He also worked as a fellow of Plastic Surgery from Eastern Virginia Medical School. Certified by the American Board of Plastic Surgery, he is the member of American Society of Plastic Surgeons (ASPS). Dr. M. Calloway has hospital affiliations at St Vincents Medical Center, Baptist Medical Center and Jacksonville Surgery Center.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Wong Chin Ho practices at W Aesthetic Plastic Surgery, Skin & Laser Clinic in Novena, Singapore. He completed MBBS from National University of Singapore, Singapore in 2000,MRCS (UK) from Royal College of Surgeons of Edinburgh (RCSE), U.K in 2003 and M Med (Gen Surg) from National University of Singapore, Singapore in 2004. He is a member of Singapore Association of Plastic Surgeons and Singapore Society for Cosmetic (Aesthetic) Surgeons. Some of the services provided by the doctor are: Hair Removal Treatment,Facial Implants,Post Surgery Laser Care,Rhinoplasty and Reconstructive Surgery etc.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " In 2007 while spending time at the Children\u2019s Hospital in Boston and Harvard Medical School, Dr. Vida was introduced to his first case of Scimitar Syndrome.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " At Wrightington NHS hospital, Mr. Akhtar performs complex skin and soft tissue reconstruction in addition to hand surgery, speclailising in nerve conditions and treating Dupuytren\u2019s disease.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She was granted the GOLD Humanism award by her peers in medical school and the Humanism in Medicine award by her peers in residency. She is involved with the Family Medicine Clinic Residency as core faculty and in developing a hospitalist track. She has presented her research at national conferences and has been published in medical journals.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Gathering of doctor's facilities Mumbai. He additionally experienced particular preparing in Rhinoplasty at Stuttgart Germany. He has been connected with Medanta since 2010 and does all assortments of reconstructive microsurgeries and stylish surgeries yet his center territory of intrigue are Rhinoplasty, Facial Rejuvenation , Hair transplant and surger", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. McGraw graduated from University of Mississippi School of Medicine in 1978 and has been in practice for 40 years. He completed a residency at University Hospital. He currently practices at Knoxville Orthopaedic Clinic and is affiliated with Physicians Regional Medical Center. Dr. McGraw accepts multiple insurance plans including Aetna, Medicare and Humana. Dr. McGraw also practices at Knoxville Orthopaedic Clinic in Knoxville, TN. In addition to English, Dr. McGraw's practice supports this language: Spanish.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He operates in La Jolla and San Diego. The boards responsible for his certification are American Board of Facial Plastic and Reconstructive Surgery and American Board of Plastic Surgery. His office clinic is situated in La Jolla, which is within the county of San Diego. It is fully equipped with him serving as the plastic surgeon, his wife who is a competent dermatologist, and one skillful nurse. The clinic contains a Medicare-certified surgery center linked to it and provision of laser services to the patients. Mark Mofid says that this practice encounters visits by patients every year in need of the cosmetic dermatologic and medical services. Other services provided include reconstructive and cosmetic plastic surgery.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " His practice focus is on sports injuries and ankle arthritis. He is a consulting physician for the Columbus Blue Jackets NHL franchise and former hear of food and ankle at Ohio State University. Berlet has been treating patients with autogenous biologics for over 15 years. His group treats 4,000 patients with foot and ankle problems annually, and approximately half undergo BMAC augmentation.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He has completed his Bachelor of Science Degree at Rutgers University, New Brunswick, NJ with honors and received his medical degree from UMDNJ-New Jersey Medical School, Newark, NJ.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She is the Chief Medical Officer for MITRE\u2019s work in the Department of Veterans Affairs. Dr. Corley practices part\u2011time as a primary care internist in the metropolitan Washington, D.C. area, and has used electronic health records (EHRs) for the past 24 years. Her expertise is in the areas of HIT, regulatory oversight of HIT, using HIT to improve quality and patient safety, and optimizing clinical use of HIT.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Little does he know that the people living in his particular building are about to go through social upheaval and class wars similar to the End of Days.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " With a refined eye for beauty, Dr. Spivak takes tremendous pride in delivering results that are natural, graceful, and highly aesthetic. Dr. Spivak is greatly respected by his patients for his warm bedside manner and thoughtful approach; he is considered a true partner for all his patients during their exciting and transformative journey at Elite Body Sculpture. Unique to Elite Body Sculpture, Dr. Spivak performs surgery at the Beverly Hills location, bringing his expert technique and focus on aesthetic excellence to both centers.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Barnabas Medical Center. He received his medical degree from New York Medical College and has been in practice for more than 20 years. He also speaks multiple languages, including Spanish.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Her approach to treatment is integrative and holistic and incorporates the best of western and eastern approaches. It also addresses all aspects of a persons lifestyle. A treatment plan may include talk or mindfulness-based therapy, lifestyle changes, herbs, supplements or medication.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " As one of Georgia's best surgeons, Dr. Scott Miller is guided by one consistent philosophy: focus solely on patients' special needs and perfect the techniques necessary to deliver the best possible care. He believes that when patients have a better understanding of the conditions they are facing and how to improve their overall health, they have a chance to improve their quality of life. Read article here. ScottDMillerMD.com", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He is double board certified in plastic surgery and orthopaedic surgery with a sub-specialty in the hand. He received an undergraduate degree from Williams College in Williamstown, Massachusetts and earned a medical degree from the University of Rochester School of Medicine and Dentistry in Rochester New York. Dr. Moran completed a residency in general surgery at the University of Rochester Medical Center, as well as a residency in plastic surgery. He completed a fellowship in hand and microvascular surgery at Mayo Clinic in Rochester, Minnesota.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Toy began performing direct anterior total hip replacement surgery at the Campbell Surgery Center in 2013. Dr. Toy completed his fellowship in orthopedic oncology at the University of Florida in Gainesville.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Currently, she is a Medical Director for Aetna, providing oversight for medical policy implementation and utilization management services. From October 2015 to August 2017, she was a Medical Review Physician at Comprehensive Health Services in Reston, VA interpreting and analyzing medical examination results and overseeing the implementation of regulatory guidelines.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " She works collaboratively with all of the spine surgeons at Twin Cities Spine Center, notably Dr. Joseph Perra. Rebecca evaluates and treats patients in the clinic and hospital settings, rounding and assisting in surgery. Her special interests include treating adolescent and adult scoliosis.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He began his professional career in medicine after graduating from the University Of Michigan Medical School in 1997. Following medical school, he completed his fellowship at the Manhattan Eye, Ear, and Throat Hospital in 2006. Dr. Jejurikar has over 21 years of experience in his field.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She graduated from the University of Michigan Medical School and completed her residency in pediatrics at the Nationwide Children's Hospital in Columbus Ohio and a residency in Pediatric anesthesiology at CHOP.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Throughout his career, he has been put in contact with a wide range of pathology, which allowed him to keep the clinician point of view of technical limitations of the available procedures. However, the scientist in him tried to find a solution for them \u2013 and when one meets the other, innovation happens.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He spent twelve of these years at his current location in Berkeley, California. Tang is a Board Certified Member of the American Board of Neurological Surgery. His practice is affiliated with Sutter Medical Center at both the Berkeley and Oakland campuses.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Leigh received her B.S in Health Science and her M.S in Physician Assistant Studies from Springfield College in Springfield, Massachusetts. Leigh is certified to practice by the National Commission for the Certification of Physician Assistants and is licensed by the Virginia Board of Medicine. She is also an active member of the Society for Dermatology Physician Assistants. Leigh is passionate about early skin cancer detection and prevention, and she works hard to make patients look and feel their best. She treats many skin conditions of varying complexities, and also provides a variety of cosmetic and surgical procedures. Leigh joined Reston Dermatology & Cosmetic Center in May 2016. She lives in Arlington, VA with her husband.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He is Board Certified by the American Board of Plastic Surgery. He further distinguished himself with membership in the American Society of Plastic Surgeons (ASPS) and the American Society for Aesthetic Plastic Surgery (ASAPS), an honor extended only to plastic surgeons that have attained the highest level of achievement in cosmetic surgical training, continuing education and clinical experience. In addition, he has been named one of the Top Plastic Surgeons in the United States by a leading consumer group\u2026.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Sirois graduated from Tufts University School of Medicine in 1983 and has been in practice for 35 years. He completed a residency at Dartmouth Hitchcock Medical Center. He currently practices at Orthopedics & Sport Medical and is affiliated with Norwood Hospital. Dr. Sirois accepts multiple insurance plans including Aetna, Harvard Pilgrim and Tufts Health Plan. Dr. Sirois also practices at Robert Lewis Patz MD in Milton, MA.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Mr Branford has a special interest in breast microsurgical reconstruction surgery which consists of rebuilding the breasts using the patient\u2019s own skin, fat and/or muscle. Mr Branford has performed over 300 successful microsurgical procedures and prides himself on the safety and quality of his clinical work.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She practices in Anchorage, Alaska and has the professional credentials of MD. The NPI Number for Dr. Michelle L Randolph is 1346209756 and she holds a License No. 7641 (Alaska).", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " She practices in Berlin, New Hampshire and has the professional credentials of PA. The NPI Number for Holly B Ramsey is 1336448414 and she holds a License No. 1053 (New Hampshire).", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " She has been practicing insight meditation for over 25 years. Trudy Goodman, Jack Kornfield and Jon Kabat-Zinn are her main teachers. Christiane is a senior teacher at InsightLA where she is the Director of MBSR programs. She is a graduate of the Spirit Rock/IMS/IRC teacher training and the co-author of A Clinician's Guide to Teaching Mindfulness.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " The award-winning correspondent was offered the United States Surgeon General position by President Barack Obama. However, he turned this position down to spend more time with his family. Sanjay Gupta is worth around $4 million.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Jennifer is originally from Longview, Texas, and graduated cum laude from Stephen F. Austin University with a Biology Degree. Following her undergraduate studies, Jennifer attended the University of Texas Southwestern Physician Assistant Program in Dallas. Jennifer is a member of the American Academy of Physician Assistants, and certified by the National Commission on Certification of Physician Assistants.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " She directs the GWU School of Medicine's Health Policy Scholarly Concentration, serves as president-elect of the D.C. Chapter of the American College of Emergency Physicians and has worked extensively on mental health and substance abuse legislation impacting the opioid epidemic as a Health Policy Fellow for the U.S. Senate Committee on Health, Education, Labor and Pensions.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Since 1995, Dr C K Yong has established his private surgical pratice in Breast Surgery in Singapore. He has built up a reputable one-stop specialist breast centre dedicated to Breast Cancer Screening using high quality breast imaging, Minimally Invasive Breast Biopsy with image guidance using the Mammotome Breast Biopsy System, Oncoplastic Breast Surgery and targeted medical therapy for breast cancer.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She has worked with both individuals and groups. Since the mid-1990\u2019s, Dr. McFarlane has been creating and conducting group psychotherapy workshops such as: The Mindful Mood Workshop, a blending of CBT, Mindfulness and Healthy Living Skills; The Mindful Living Workshop, an MBCT program; The Anxiety Relief Workshop, a sequel to The Mindful Mood Workshop; The Mood Support Group, an on-going group which has met for over 14 years; The DreamPath Workshop, a Gestalt Therapy based personal growth group; and The Summer Sessions, novel workshops on different topics.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He graduated from St. Bartholomew\u2019s & The Royal London School of Medicine (MBBS, University of London) and completed pre-registration house officer jobs at The Royal London Hospital and Glasgow Royal Infirmary. He spent 6 months as Principal House Officer in Emergency Medicine at Ipswich Hospital, Queensland, Australia, a position accredited for surgical training by the Royal Australasian College of Surgeons.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Morgan graduated from University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill School of Medicine in 2009 and has been in practice for 8 years. He completed a residency at Western Reserve Care System. Dr. Morgan accepts multiple insurance plans including Aetna, Blue Cross Blue Shield of Michigan and Medical Mutual of Ohio. Dr. Morgan also practices at Avon Hospital -Cardiovascular Medicine in Avon, OH. In addition to English, Dr. Morgan's practice supports these languages: Polish, Vietnamese, Russian, French, Arabic, Tagalog, German, Spanish, Italian and Korean.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " A dedicated doctor, known for his practice and qualification, performs surgery on piles by studying each cases in detail. There are four grades of piles, on the basis of which treatment is given to the patients. Stapler treatment is given to the patients who do not respond to home remedies.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Taking advantage of advances in the field that have produced treatments unavailable even ten years ago, Dr. Regan offers patients the latest treatments, including minimally invasive surgery. Dr. Regan originally studied engineering in college, but discovered he wanted a career that would help people directly. Spinal surgery allows him to apply his engineering background to the treatment of the human body. He has suffered from back pain himself for 25 years. He brings to his patients a compassion for their conditions based on his own experience. His goal as a [...]", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She specializes in helping women lose weight, improve their energy and sleep, and balance their hormones through individually designed programs focused on nutrition, stress management, exercise and the prudent use of bio-identical hormones. Dr. Marino is also a Corporate Wellness Specialist and Lifestyle Host for The Scoop Radio Show heard live every Tuesday at Noon on WWDB 860 AM or online at wwdbam.com. Her website is www.drreinamarino.com", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " This specialty came into being in 1964, when Dr. Charles Dotter successfully dilated a blocked artery in the leg of a woman who had refused amputation thereby saving her life. Interventional Radiologists are at the forefront of medical advancement where medicine and technology intersect.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " She enjoys working in orthopaedics because she finds that helping to improve the quality of life for people and get them feeling better is very rewarding. Her past patient care experiences have generally been helping people that live in smaller communities, and that is something that she enjoys and what draws her to Fort HealthCare and the communities it serves. \u201cIt\u2019s great to see people out and about, enjoying their life \u2013 not in pain \u2013 in the community doing the things that they love, and not just in an office setting!\u201d", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He is the Director of Quality and Innovation at the University Health Network Emergency Department and completed a Master in Public Health at Harvard School of Public Health, with a focus on quality improvement.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He serves the men and women throughout Palm Beach, Broward and Miami-Dade counties. Hailed by the Sun-Sentinel as Boca Raton\u2019s \u201cBest Cosmetic Surgeon,\u201d Dr. Andrew Ress has led the plastic surgery industry since the inception of his private practice in 1997, and his reputation comes fully backed by his expertise. As one of the best facelift, liposuction, and body contouring specialists in Boca Raton and the greater South Florida area, Dr. Ress puts great time and effort into ensuring his patients get the results they desire. His strict adherence to the philosophy of achieving great results using the least invasive procedures available has led to thousands of happy patients. He is an expert in botulinum toxin biochemistry and holds a patent for extending the shelf life of Botox\u00ae.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " A graduate of the University of Panama Medical School, she completed her residency at Mercy Hospital of Pittsburgh in Pennsylvania and completed an Electrodiagnostic Medicine Fellowship at the Medical College of Wisconsin.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " She practices in Jb Elmendorf-richardson, Alaska and has the professional credentials of M.D.. The NPI Number for Alexis Eberle Nelson is 1184916793 and she holds a License No. 010123360 (Virginia).", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " At Royal North Shore Hospital he provides services in Plastic, Reconstructive, Burns and Maxillofacial Surgery for the public as well as supervising trainee Registrars for the Royal Australasian College of Surgeons and supervising Medical students for the University of Sydney.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " As the population ages, Yoga teachers must develop new skills to effectively work with mid-life issues. One such serious issue is bone loss (osteopenia and osteoporosis) and its unwelcome effects. These effects may include discomfort, loss of height and strength, and structural fractures. He also gives helpful hints to most common back, joints and orthopedic problems through daily simple yogic exercises during the yoga teachers training course.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She spent a year in South Africa at Walter Sisulu University where she taught clinical associates. Marie has spent the last year interviewing PAs and NPs and their international equivalents and American PAs and NPs working abroad.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He is currently surgical Director of the Living Donor Liver Transplant Program in Mount Elizabeth Hospital and also a Senior Consultant, Hepatobiliary and Pancreatic/Transplant Surgery surgeon in Singapore General Hospital. His practice includes specialized areas such as complex biliary reconstruction, surgery for Klatskin Tumors, major liver surgery requiring hepatic vascular isolation, porto-caval shunting and major pancreatic operations.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " John\u2019s Medical College and Hospital, Bangalore (2009-2011), a Stanford-India Biodesign (SIB) Fellow 2012, and holds an MBA degree in Entrepreneurship and Hospital Management (NIBM,2013). His core expertise lies in the process of identifying and analyzing unmet clinical needs for quick development of low-cost and high quality medical devices, and teaching/ training the Biodesign process. Dr. Chaturvedi is currently Director, Clinical Innovations and Partnerships at Innaccel Consulting Services Private Limited.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He completed a residency at Washington University/Barnes-Jewish Hospital. He currently practices at Barnes Jewish Hospital Rheumatology Dept and is affiliated with Barnes-Jewish Hospital South. In addition to English, Dr. Lamplot's practice supports these languages: Vietnamese, German, French and Spanish.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He served as an orthopedic consultant to the Los Angeles Dodgers baseball team. Sethi was also a former assistant team physician of the Los Angeles Lakers basketball team, Los Angeles Kings hockey team, Los Angeles Dodgers, and University of Southern California football team.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Christy performs skin cancer screenings, biopsies and cryosurgery, and treats precancerous and sun damaged skin. She has been with Scripps since 1999, working in the Bighorn Mohs Surgery and Dermatology Center.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Dr. Ronan has been named one of the Top Plastic Surgeons in America by the nation\u2019s leading providers of information on doctors. He was also voted Best in The Bay, and one of the Top 3 Hair Restoration Surgeons in America 2015, by Aesthetic Everything Beauty Network, a panel of industry leaders and fellow surgeons.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She is currently pursuing her doctorate in theology at the Pontifical University of St. Thomas Aquinas (Angelicum) in Rome. Her research is quite extensive and it is featured on https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC5102188/", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Dr. Shugart graduated from Indiana University School of Medicine Bloomington in 1986 and has been in practice for 32 years. He completed a residency at Mayo Clinic and Medical School. Dr. Shugart also specializes in Spine Surgery. He currently practices at Fort Wayne Orthopedics and is affiliated with Lutheran Hospital of Indiana. Dr. Shugart accepts multiple insurance plans including Aetna, Medical Mutual of Ohio and Medicare. Dr. Shugart also practices at Parkview Lagrange Hospital in LaGrange, IN. In addition to English, Dr. Shugart's practice supports this language: Spanish.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Her services and expertise include women\u2019s medicine, naturopathy, acupuncture, homeopathy, botanical medicine, IV and injection therapy. 480-539-6646 or info@trueharmonywellness.com.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He attended Johns Hopkins University and Jefferson Medical College. He completed his ophthalmology residency at the New York Eye & Ear Infirmary and his oculoplastics fellowship at the Wills Eye Institute.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He divides his practice between Bath, Reading and London. He has special interest in the management of malformations, reconstruction after trauma and in the reanimation surgery of paralysed hands. He is an Hon Senior Lecturer in Anatomy at King's College, London. He also runs a surgical programme in Nepal, travelling there twice a year to operate on leprosy paralysed hands and to teach local surgeons. He is an accredited illustrator and artist.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Andersen graduated from Albany Medical College in 1999 and has been in practice for 19 years. She currently practices at Andersen Orthopedics and is affiliated with San Ramon Regional Medical Center. Dr. Andersen accepts multiple insurance plans including Aetna, Medicare and Cigna.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Wassel graduated from Georgetown University School of Medicine in 1974 and has been in practice for 43 years. He completed a residency at Georgetown University Medical Center. Dr. Wassel also specializes in Preventive Medicine. He currently practices at Presbyterian Advanced Wound Care and is affiliated with Novant Health Presbyterian Medical Center. Dr. Wassel accepts multiple insurance plans including Aetna, Medicare and Humana.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He typically treats patients with Arthritis, Carpal Tunnel Syndrome, Fractures, Nerve Entrapment, and Trigger Finger. He chose the hand and wrist as his specialty due to their importance in a patient\u2019s everyday life, but also because it is an intricate part of the body that involves so many different aspects of the orthopedics field...", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Sorensen, in a recent interview with the New York Times, reported that the number of cases of cyclic vomiting syndrome seen in her ED doubled after marijuana was legalized in Colorado, believing that many of these cases were probably related to marijuana use.2", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He is the name behind some of the world\u2019s most radiant faces with over 25 years of experience. The Dr. Sebagh at home collection is formulated using potent ingredients to target signs of ageing and environmental stress. Dr. Sebagh coined the term \u2018ageing maintenance\u2019. He believes in managing the ageing process with active cosmeceutical products, protective antioxidants and sunscreen.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She practices in Apo, Armed Forces Europe and has the professional credentials of MD. The NPI Number for Dr. Jennifer Chow is 1730178104 and she holds a License No. 4301101680 (Michigan).", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He teaches at The Royal (Dick) School of Veterinary Studies, University of Edinburgh, and pursues inter-disciplinary research on the human-animal bond. His latest article, for Social History of Medicine, is \u2018The dangerous women of animal welfare: how British veterinary medicine went to the dogs\u2019, available open access at http://dx.doi.org/10.1093%2Fshm%2Fhkt101", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He is MD from the McGill University and a resident of Plastic Surgery from Albany Medical Center. Dr. Liu has board certification of The American Board of", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Saving lives and helping people is the point of his chosen profession, and he seems pretty good at it, when he's not screwing up. People wonder why he has decided to become a doctor, when he is so clumsy, until his past starts reveal, and his ability to save lives becomes apparent with each operation... Gradually, Teru and all of his colleagues will make a huge change in the medical world", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Jensen graduated from University of Tennessee Health Science Center College of Medicine in 1989 and has been in practice for 28 years. He completed a residency at University of Maryland Medical System. Dr. Jensen also specializes in Trauma Surgery. He currently practices at University of Arkansas Medical Center and is affiliated with UAMS Medical Center. Dr. Jensen accepts multiple insurance plans including Medicare, Cigna and QualChoice.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Laparoscopic surgery represents the vast majority of his elective work. In contrast to the traditional open surgery, by means of small incisions (0.5 \u2013 1 cm long), laparoscopic surgery allows to perform operations avoiding large incisions. This minimally invasive technique is associated with significant benefits in terms of reduced postoperative pain, and quicker recovery.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Jackson graduated from Medical University of South Carolina College of Medicine in 1974 and has been in practice for 44 years. He completed a residency at Walter Reed National Military Medical Center. Dr. Jackson also specializes in Hand Surgery. He currently practices at Camden Orthopaedics and is affiliated with Kershaw County Medical Center. Dr. Jackson accepts multiple insurance plans including BCBS South Carolina, Medicare and Humana. Dr. Jackson also practices at William Jennings Bryan Dorn VA Medical Center in Columbia, SC.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She practices in Apo, Armed Forces Europe and has the professional credentials of M.D.. The NPI Number for Dr. Melissa Virginia Terry is 1144264326 and she holds a License No. MD00041661 (Washington).", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " She obtained her basic medical degree from the College of Medicine, University of Ibadan in 1988 and went on to commence residency training in Internal Medicine at the Lagos University Teaching Hospital (1992 to 1993). She subsequently completed residency training in Internal Medicine, and Geriatrics fellowship at the University of Pittsburgh Medical center, Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania with board certification in 2004 and 2005 respectively. She is one of a handful of formally trained Geriatricians serving a nation with a population of 193 million.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He\u2019s the founder of Advanced Brain & Spine, a physician-led practice that services Denver-area patients with two convenient locations in Centennial and Wheat Ridge, Colorado.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She is board certified in Family Medicine and Addiction Medicine and has worked in drug and alcohol rehabilitation, public and occupational health, as well as private practice.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Her landmark work established the saltatory nature of growth\u2014confirming that humans grow intermittently, not continuously. Her current work centers on the mechanisms of growth and influencing factors, both genetic and environmental and investigates the nutritional, immunological and hormonal networks that interact with behavior to influence the growth process. Dr. Lampl presently collaborates with scientists internationally with an interest in fetal and infant growth. Research projects include work with Roberto Romero, the Perinatal Research Branch, NICHD, and with David Barker, University of Southampton, UK. She has authored over 100 research publications.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Dr. Ajdinovich graduated from Indiana University School of Medicine in 2010 and has been in practice for 8 years. He currently practices at Park Avenue Women's Center and is affiliated with Lenox Hill Hospital Northwell Health. Dr. Ajdinovich accepts multiple insurance plans including Aetna, MVP Health Plan and Empire Blue Cross Blue Shield. Dr. Ajdinovich also practices at Bonutti Orthopaedic Clinic in Effingham, IL. In addition to English, Dr. Ajdinovich's practice supports these languages: Russian and Spanish.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Hong Soo Wan practices at Hong Plastic Surgery in Novena, Singapore and Hong Plastic Surgery in Thomson, Singapore. He completed MBBS from National University of Singapore, Singapore in 1986,FRCS - General Surgery from Royal College of Physicians and Surgeons (RCPS), Glasgow in 1992 and FAMS (Plastic Surg) from Academy of Medicine, Singapore in 1998. He is a member of Singapore Association of Plastic Surgeons and Society of Cosmetic (Aesthetic) Surgeons of Singapore. Some of the services provided by the doctor are: Common Skin Lesions,Breast Aesthetic Surgery,Otoplasty (Ear Surgery),Microtia Reconstruction and FACELIFT etc.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Raja has performed more than 3,500 surgeries throughout his career, including 2000 thoracic surgeries. Since 2013, he performed around 100 laparoscopic heller myotomies or POEM procedures to treat patients with achalasia. Dr. Raja has performed more than 1100 surgeries since his Cleveland Clinic appointment in 2012. He specializes in esophageal surgeries including Laparoscopic Heller Myotomy, POEM which is an incision-less technique to treat achalasia. His specialty interests include achalasia, esophageal cancer, lung cancer, hiatal hernia, cancers and tumors of the chest and chest wall, minimally invasive and endoscopic surgery, and general thoracic surgery.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Known for his skill, compassion and dedication to patient-centered care, Dr. Savalia works closely with each patient to develop an individualized plan to achieve their cosmetic goals.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He received his medical degree from The University of Texas Medical Branch in Galveston and completed his residencies in orthopedic surgery at the University of Washington in Seattle and at Shriner\u2019s Hospital for Children in Spokane, Washington. He is certified by the American Board of Orthopaedic Surgery and is a fellow of the American Academy of Orthopaedic Surgeons.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Flynn graduated from University of Florida College of Medicine in 1987 and has been in practice for 31 years. Dr. Flynn also specializes in Spinal Cord Injury Medicine and Spine Surgery. He currently practices at The Spine & Scoliosis Center and is affiliated with Heart of Florida Regional Medical Center. Dr. Flynn accepts multiple insurance plans including Aetna, Medicare and Cigna. Dr. Flynn also practices at National Training Center Sports in Clermont, FL. In addition to English, Dr. Flynn's practice supports this language: Spanish.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He is MD from the University of Witwatersrand and a Resident of Plastic Surgery from Medical College of Virginia. Certified by the American Board of Plastic Surgery, Dr. Becker is also the member of American Society for Aesthetic Plastic Surgery (ASAPS), American Society of Plastic Surgeons (ASPS) and Fellow American College of Surgeons (FACS). He has hospital affiliations at Boca Raton Regional Hospital and West Boca Community Hospital.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Rectenwald graduated from Medical College of Georgia at Augusta University in 1997 and has been in practice for 21 years. He completed a residency at University of South Carolina School of Medicine. He currently practices at Orthopaedic Associates of Augusta PA and is affiliated with University Hospital. Dr. Rectenwald accepts multiple insurance plans including Aetna, BCBS South Carolina and Medicare. Dr. Rectenwald also practices at Augusta Neonatology Associates in Augusta, GA.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He served on AmSouth Bank\u2019s Advisory Board of Directors in Tallahassee, and was formerly a director of Regions Bank in Tallahassee. In the early 1980\u2019s, Dr. Rolle played football for the University of Florida while pursuing his Bachelor of Science degree. He received his medical degree from the University of Florida College of Medicine.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He is also a plastic surgeon, specializing in cosmetic surgery of the face, breast and body. In his specialty of craniofacial surgery, Dr. Nini deals with congenital and acquired deformities of the skull, face and jaws. He typically treats conditions, such as craniosynostosis (isolated and syndromic), rare craniofacial clefts, acute and chronic sequellae of facial fractures, cleft lip and palate, micrognathia, Treacher Collins Syndrome, Apert\u2019s Syndrome, Crouzon Syndrome, hemifacial microsomia and more.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Because of her national origin and language skills, she started her practice by reaching out to first-generation Chinese immigrants. She also has been successful in attracting many other patients whose families are of Asian origin. She started with a narrow but growing demographic group, and she is consciously building on this foundation to reach out to other segments of the community. Her practice is thriving.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He is a successful clinician, scientist, educator, and innovator, and he has maintained leadership positions in major orthopaedic and hand surgery societies for over 15 years. Dr. Diao is Professor Emeritus of Orthopaedic Surgery and Neurosurgery at UCSF where he was Chief of Hand, Upper Extremity and Microvascular Surgery for 13 years.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He practices a variety of plastic surgery and cosmetic procedures at both locations including, but not limited to, face lifts, arm lifts, body lifts, thigh lifts, breast implants, tummy tucks, nasal surgery, neck lifts, liposuction & general make-overs, hand surgery, several micro surgeries, and major reconstructive surgeries. He is skilled in both surgical and noninvasive techniques. Patient reviews place Dr. Jejurikar as one of the top surgeons in the United States, as he has been awarded Compassionate Doctor Certification, a recognition received by only around 3% of the almost 1 million active doctors in the States.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He is the Head of Neurosurgery at Hospital de Urg\u00eancias Governador Otavio Lage (HUGOL) a hospital reference in neurosurgical emergencies, consultant at Hospital de Urg\u00eancias de Goi\u00e2nia and Hospital Santa M\u00f4nica. Neurosurgeon with expertise in vascular diseases, brain tumor and traumatic brain injury. He has Fellowship in Neuro-oncology at Dresden/Germany and fellowship in Advanced Techniques in Neurosurgery at Tubingen/Germany.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He offers patients advanced techniques, including minimally invasive fracture surgery and patient-specific knee replacement, which minimizes the amount of tissue that must be cut during surgery. Anterior hip replacement also spares tissue, reducing post-operative pain and speeding recovery. In providing care, Dr. Beigler takes the time to understand not only the patient\u2019s medical condition but also the patient as a person. Whatever the condition, he seeks the least invasive form of effective treatment possible. Dr. Beigler is the head of orthopedic trauma for North Shore University HealthSystem. He also is [...]", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She practices in Huntington, West Virginia and has the professional credentials of MD. The NPI Number for Sonal Bajaj is 1831482447 and she holds a License No. 26931 (West Virginia).", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Prior to joining Sansoro, he served as Chief Medical Information Officer (CMIO) for the Cleveland Clinic Health System (CCHS), where he led the Clinical Systems Office.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " His education and training in plastic surgery spans some of the most prestigious medical institutions in France, including Hopital Saint Louis, H\u00f4pital Henri Mondor, H\u00f4pital Trousseau, H\u00f4pital de la Piti\u00e9-salp\u00e9tri\u00e8re, H\u00f4pital Foch.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " A native of Central Oregon, he became interested in medicine at a young age after working on a hay farm with a local general surgeon. His early experiences and desire to help people shaped the way he practices medicine today. He takes the time to understand his patients, learn about what motivates them, and then develops a treatment plan to get them back to their previous activities and fitness. He particularly enjoys shoulder arthroscopy and replacement, but is well versed in treating all orthopedic conditions in patients of all ages.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Bono is Vice Chair for Orthopedics for Medical Education at NEBH. In this role, he oversees medical education programs, enhances and expands research initiatives, leads quality improvement processes, and is director of the operating room. Dr. Bono also serves as Director of Education at NEBH and is Chairman of the Patient Care Assessment committee for quality control.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He specializes in the use of arthroscopy in the management of a wide spectrum of pathologies. His goal is to help children and teenagers recover from injuries and return to activities by... Read more", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He is one of the highly experienced people in this medical industry. He has been offering great service to people in need of pediatric surgeries. For the past four decades, he has done so much in making the industry getter through inventions which have never been seen before. From his work experience, he has managed to make a difference in the lives of the people by coming up with innovative ways of conducting medical surgeries. As a pediatric surgeon, he has conducted hundreds of operation in the United States and other parts of the globe. His involvement in medical missions especially in Palestine has earned him a good reputation. Dr. Saad Saad has never forgotten about his origin. He has ensured that Palestine benefits from his expe...", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He was recently recognized as one of Castle Connolly\u2019s top doctors. He is Board Certified by the American Board of Neurological Surgeons. Immediately out of high school, he was accepted into a combined BS/MD program. He received his undergraduate degree from the College of New Jersey, studied abroad in London, UK at Kingston University and obtained his medical degree at New Jersey Medical School \u2013 UMDNJ.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Yan completed his Doctor of Philosophy in molecular genetics and microbiology at the University of Florida and his Doctor of Medicine from Ohio State University. He completed his residency in internal medicine at Georgetown University Hospital and his fellowship in gastroenterology at West Virginia University.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " His research interests focus on neuromodulation, investigating the neural computations that underlie motor and cognitive behavior and to use this understanding to develop a treatment for central and peripheral nervous system injuries, and combining basic primate neurophysiology with clinical neurosurgery to develop novel approaches for treating patients with neurodegenerative, developmental and traumatic neurological disorders. Besides laboratory issues, he follows clinical research as conducting clinical trials, database analysis, and systematic review as well.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Boucree graduated from Tulane University School of Medicine in 1989 and has been in practice for 29 years. He completed a residency at Charles R Drew University. He currently practices at Crystal Thibodeaux and is affiliated with Slidell Memorial Hospital & Medical Center. Dr. Boucree accepts multiple insurance plans including Aetna, Blue Cross Blue Shield of Louisiana and Medicare. Dr. Boucree also practices at Joseph Bernard Boucree Jr MD in Baton Rouge, LA.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Board certified in preventive medicine, Dr. Kohlstadt earned a Masters Degree in Public Health (Epidemiology), with an undergraduate degree in biochemistry. She is a Fellow of the American College of Nutrition, a Fellow of the American College of Preventive Medicine, and completed a two year appointment to the U.S. Food and Drug Administration in the Office of the Commissioner, Office of Pediatric Therapeutics.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He believes Congress should weigh the dangers of a nationalized health system much more seriously than it has,\u201d John Fund writes at www.opinionjournal.com.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " She draws from a broad background of personal experience, knowledge and expertise. She is teaching a four-part teleconference/seminar that begins in April 2010.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " In this episode of Businesses in Bloom, Trevor explains how she came to study naturopathy through her childhood health concerns and the holistic treatment she received. She discusses becoming Dr. Spa and running a private practice while writing a book, marketing her own skin care products To get the show notes for this episode go to http://julietaustin.com/bb46.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " She graduated from Bethel University in Saint Paul, Minnesota, with a Bachelor of Science degree in Biology. She received her Master's Degree as a Physician Assistant from the University of Nebraska Medical Center in 2003. Valerie\u2019s Physician Assistant career began at the Mayo Clinic in Rochester, Minnesota. Now at Miller Family Dermatology, Valerie offers a wide range of dermatologic care, including both general and cosmetic dermatologic treatments. Her interests include skin cancer evaluation and treatment, sun damage and aging of the skin, psoriasis, acne and rashes. She enjoys seeing both children and adults, and as a mother of two, she strives to make children\u2019s appointments and treatments relaxing and fun.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He has been professor of Urology at the George Washington University Medical Center and partner in Aegis Medical and Research Associates for the last thirty five years. He has dedicated his career to understanding the impact and importance of proper nutrition and the many ways in which the human body responds to different forms of nutrition. Dr. Yu has led the effort to create a foundation which supports groundbreaking research into the links between nutrition and health since 2006.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Curtis's paintings contain vivid renderings of color, form, & light. His artwork often teases the brain with optical illusions, combines painting and sculpture, and uses dramatic 3D kinetic effects.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She serves on the board of professional advisors for The CareGiver Partnership and enjoys working with patients and caregivers alike. Ask Dianna a question, or for one-on-one help with incontinence products, call 1-800-985-1353 M-F 9-4 CDT.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Recently profiled in the New York Times and on PBS, he stands out as a rare public example of someone whose faith infuses his practice of medicine. Plough recently caught up with him on the road between jobs.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She is also certified in Chinese herbal medicine and Injection Therapy using Homeopathic medicine, and completed separate clinical internships for each modality - acupuncture, injection therapy, and Chinese herbs.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " His group is Orthopedics New England with offices in Natick, Newton and Dedham, Massachusetts. Dr. Rockett is a CrossFit Level 1 trainer and has been a CrossFitter at CrossFit New England since 2007.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He is the member of American Society for Aesthetic Plastic Surgery (ASAPS) and American Society of Plastic Surgeons (ASPS). He obtained his Medical Degree from the University of Texas and joined the Medical University of South Carolina as a Resident of Plastic Surgery and General Surgery. Certified by the American Board of Plastic Surgery, Dr. B. Louton has hospital affiliations at J.C. Blair Hospital, Tyrone Hospital and Self Memorial Hospital.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He has worked with prestigious organizations in North India and performed numerous cardiac surgeries of various complexities. With a strong educational background of AIIMS, Dr Abhay specializes in performing minimally invasive cardiac surgery, open heart surgery and valve replacement.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He performs ankle replacements, complex ankle and foot reconstructions, arthroscopy, minimally invasive foot and ankle surgery, joint preserving cartilage regenerative procedures, and provides advanced biologic treatments such as platelet-rich plasma injections and tissue regeneration. Dr. Vora is a clinical assistant professor of orthopedic surgery at the University of Illinois College of Medicine at Chicago. He is a foot and ankle consultant for the Chicago Fire soccer team, Joffrey Ballet, Lake Forest College, multiple local high school programs, and has previously consulted for other professional Chicago organizations. He is [...]", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Yamahata specializes in a wide range of procedures and treatments that allow his patients from Sacramento, Roseville, and Folsom the ability to choose the exact treatment for their needs. His most popular procedural requests consist of breast augmentation, tummy tuck, and facelift surgery. To learn more about Dr. Yamahata and all that his Roseville and Sacramento practices have to offer, please visit him online today!", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He works collaboratively with the Stanford Cancer Institute and Stanford Health Care leaders to set the strategy for the clinical delivery of cancer care across Stanford Medicine and growing cancer networks. He is a professor of Otolaryngology and Radiology (courtesy) and a member of Molecular Imaging Program at Stanford (MIPS). He continues to be clinically active as an oncologic and microvascular reconstructive surgeon.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He became the first American surgeon trained to provide this procedure after traveling to Germany in 2006 to learn the technique and perfect his skills. Dr. Laich is still the only spine surgeon in Illinois consistently performing the surgery, and he trains other spine surgeons from across the United States and the world.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He has a special interest and training in total joint replacement and complex joint revision surgery, arthritis, and other orthopedic conditions that affect older adults.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Elizabeth's medical Center of Boston. He is also the Director of the Vein Center at St. Elizabeth's. He has a teaching appointment as a Clinical Professor of Surgery at the Tufts University School of Medicine. Dr. Razvi serves on the Medical Ethics Committee, the Operating Room Committee, and the Advisory Committee for Clinical Pastoral Education.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Danielle received her MPAS (Masters of Physician\u2019s Assistant Studies) in 2004 and graduated with Academic Distinction in 2003 from Wake Forest University School of Medicine Physician Assistant Program.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Rachel completed her medical training at Sydney University in the Graduate Medical Program. Rachel has a strong scientific background, having also completed a Bachelor of Science degree in biomedical science. Rachel is a fellow of both the Cosmetic Physicians College of Australasia and the Australasian College of Aesthetic Medicine.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " She received her degree from Kansas City University of Medicine and Bio-sciences. Maria has participated in medical delegations visiting Gaza which were sponsored in part by Physicians for Social Responsibility. She is currently pursuing a life-long dream of learning Arabic at Drake University. Maria is co-founder of the Des Moines Young Artists\u2019 Theatre and co-owner of Noce, Des Moines\u2019 premiere jazz club. Maria has also taught yoga for more than two decades.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Inspired by the work of Rudolf Steiner she went through a very intensive period of development which led to a realistic spiritual world of experience. In her books and during her lectures and seminars she tells about the path she took and the insights she experienced through that.That experience she wants to share with as many people as possible in order to enable everyone to make this journey. That is what makes her work special.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " She has worn many hats in the medical profession including patient transporter, medical transcriber, Registered Nurse, Family Nurse Practitioner and currently...", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He earned a Bachelor of Science degree in Molecular Biology and Biochemistry from Dartmouth College. While he worked to complete his academic coursework, he also spent time volunteering at a local children\u2019s hospital. His extracurricular activities included playing golf on the men\u2019s varsity golf team, and voluntary student body service. Kyle Song\u2019s undergraduate educational pursuits along with his volunteer experience at the hospital and student body, and involvement in university athletic programs helped prepared him to enter medical school at UC Davis.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Farnworth graduated from University of Nevada Reno School of Medicine in 1996 and has been in practice for 22 years. He completed a residency at University of Texas Health Science. He currently practices at Pueblo Bone & Joint Clinic and is affiliated with St Mary Corwin Medical Center. Dr. Farnworth accepts multiple insurance plans including Aetna, Rocky Mountain Health Plans and Medicare.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " In the last several years, she has concentrated her practice on the care of people with dementia, and mindfulness-based stress reduction programs for their caregivers. She currently practices out of Toronto Memory Program.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Dr. Rosen graduated from Baylor College of Medicine in 1982 and has been in practice for 36 years. He currently practices at Brattleboro General Surgery and is affiliated with Brattleboro Memorial Hospital. Dr. Rosen accepts multiple insurance plans including Aetna, Harvard Pilgrim and Tufts Health Plan. In addition to English, Dr. Rosen's practice supports this language: Spanish.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He is in private practice at the Plastic Surgery and Laser Center in Visalia, and is a partner with Zein E. Obagi, an internationally acclaimed dermatologist, at the Obagi Dermatology, Plastic Surgery, and Laser", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He joined Precision Orthopaedic Specialties, Inc. in August of 2007. His credentials and experience have enhanced Precision\u2019s objective of providing comprehensive orthopaedic and sports medicine care. Dr. Solak is well versed in all aspects of general orthopaedics and sports medicine and is experienced in the latest cutting-edge arthroscopy techniques.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " While at the Academy he held the top squadron leadership position each year, and completed his tenure as the commander in charge of more than 100 cadets. In addition to being an elite athlete he was one of only seven cadets in his class to obtain maximum scores on strength and endurance fitness tests. He also took a interest in outdoor tactical training and was awarded the Outstanding Instructor for the Air Force Survival, Evasion, Resistance, and Escape (SERE) course.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She is excited to be supporting the AltaVie community while Dr Stephanie is busy welcoming the newest addition to her growing family. As a general practitioner, Dr Volk's clinical practice includes treatment of a wide range of health complaints, particularly digestive issues, thyroid disease, hormonal imbalance including PMS and menopause, autoimmune disease, anxiety, depression, allergies, fatigue, insomnia, weight goals, and skin complaints. Dr Volk enjoys working with the whole family, including general pediatric care and neurodevelopmental challenges. She is also very excited to be offering pregnancy and fertility support for Dr Steph's patients.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " She has devoted herself to education and counseling related to dementia, looking at both the effects of dementia on a person\u2019s daily functioning and well-being, and the effects on the extended family.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " His interests include joint replacement and arthroscopy, rotator cuff tears and other tendon and ligament problems, sports injuries, and trauma. After receiving his undergraduate degree from Yale University and his medical degree from the University of Pennsylvania School of Medicine, Dr. Ricchetti completed his internship and residency in orthopaedic surgery at the Hospital of the University of Pennsylvania. During his residency training, Dr. Ricchetti also completed a year of dedicated research in the McKay Orthopaedic Research Laboratory at the University of Pennsylvania. Following residency, he completed a fellowship in shoulder and elbow surgery at Thomas Jefferson University Hospital, the Rothman Institute.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " A California native, Dr. Aryan received his undergraduate degree in Cybernetics, with highest honors, from UCLA. He then went on to medical school at UC Irvine and neurosurgery residency at UC San Diego prior to his fellowship at UCSF...", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He has received several medical awards in China, including \u201cYoung and Middle-Aged Backbone Talents in Medicine in Wuhan\u201d and \u201cOutstanding Young and Middle-Aged Paper Reward\u201d from the Chinese Medical Association. He arrived at Nationwide Children's as a visiting scholar in 2018. Dr.Yan\u2019s research interests include early differential diagnosis methods of biliary atresia, surgical treatment of biliary atresia and liver tumors.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He graduated from College of Medicine, Yeungnam University in 1994, Graduate School, Master of Medical Science, Yeungnam University in 1998, and Graduate School, Doctor of Medical Science, Yeungnam University in 2002. He has been majored in Otorhinolaryngology-Head and Neck Surgery and worked in Yeungnam University Medical Center as resident, clinical fellow, clinical full-time instructor, full-time instructor, assistant professor, associate professor, and professor from March 1st, 1995.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He has expertise in reconstructive surgery and total joint replacement of the hip and knee, as well as knee arthroscopy. He also has a special interest in complex primary joint replacement and revision surgery.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He has particular interest in sports related spinal injuries and has treated professional athletes from around the world, including serving for three years as the official spine surgeon for the Chicago Bears. In many cases, Dr. Shapiro is able to treat patients with non-surgical methods. When surgery is needed, he often is able to perform minimally invasive procedures, which decrease patient discomfort and speed recovery times. The combination of his interest in science and his desire to help people led Dr. Shapiro to become a doctor. His care is marked by his empathy for patients and true commitment to their best interests. [...]", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " M\u00b2 magazine spoke with Peter about his work on farms, and in particular with dairy herds. He has a long-established interest in organic farms and organic milk production.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He is widely sought after and has been the continuous recipient of the prestigious Castle Connolly Top Doctor Award. He is recognized within the community because of his numerous volunteer and teaching opportunities. As a medical professional, Dr. Romano has dedicated his profession\u2026 Read more \u00bb", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " When looking into her different fitness options, the GYROTONIC\u00ae method was recommended to her by a fellow physician. Since beginning a regular regimen, GYROTONIC\u00ae exercises helped Dr. Perlis with the mobility in her shoulders, as well as strengthening her core.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " She has advanced training in menopause, nutritional endocrinology, anti-aging, and hormonal imbalances. Dr. James is a member of the American Association of Naturopathic Physicians and is licensed through the Connecticut Naturopathic Board. She is a published researcher who has contributed to the Textbook of Functional Medicine, as well as the Textbook of Natural Medicine.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Dr. Antonacci graduated from Georgetown University School of Medicine in 1981 and has been in practice for 37 years. He completed a residency at New England Baptist Hospital. He currently practices at Victor D Antonacci MD and is affiliated with Rockford Memorial Hospital. Dr. Antonacci accepts multiple insurance plans including Aetna, Medicare and Humana. Dr. Antonacci also practices at Rockford Orthopedic Associates in Rockford, IL.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Patients from around the world seek his expertise in hip arthroscopy including labral repair and reconstruction, and correction of femoroacetabular impingement (FAI).", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She\u2019s honored and inspired every day to focus her career on a positive life trajectory for the children in her practice. \u201cLife happens in relationships,\u201d she says. Dr. Keeler is married with grown children and always enjoys a little music, canoeing in the sun and time with family.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Alvin Hong practices at Alvin Hong Neurosurgery in Orchard, Singapore. He completed Mb BCh from University of Cambridge in 1986,FRCS - General Surgery from Royal College of Surgeons of Edinburgh (RCSE), U.K in 1989 and FRCS - Neurosurgery from Royal College of Surgeons of Edinburgh (RCSE), U.K in 1994. Some of the services provided by the doctor are: Thoracoscopic Sympathectomies,Decompression Micovascular,Neck Problems,Pituitary Surgery and Back Problems etc.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Over the years he has gained good expertise in Primary and Revision Joint Replacement Surgery (Primary and Revision Arthroplasty), Arthroscopic Surgery (Minimally Invasive Keyhole Surgery) and Trauma (Fracture) Surgery. He has worked as a Fellow Orthopedic Surgeon at Sunshine Hospital and Srikara Hospital and as Assistant Professor in the Department of Orthopedics at Malla Reddy Medical College. He has hands-on experience in Arthroscopy, Arthroplasty and Trauma Surgery.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He joined Lakeshore Bone & Joint Institute in 2014, shortly after his service as an orthopedic surgeon in the United States Army. As an army major and collegiate athlete, Dr. Guzzo was drawn to the field of sports medicine out of the desire to help others perform and compete at high levels, though his experience in the military has made him well-rounded in orthopedics and provided him with the ability to treat a wide range of conditions and help eliminate pain, restore function, and provide patients with the ability to compete or work again.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He is the innovation officer of the Massachusetts General Psychiatry Academy and the Chairman of the Council of Communications of the American Psychiatric Association. He is an expert on\u2026", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He obtained his medical degree and did his residency training at McGill University. He did an adult reconstruction hip fellowship at Harvard University with Dr. William Harris at the Massachusetts General Hospital. He then returned to the McGill University Hospital Centre (MUHC) in Montreal, Canada. He is the associate surgeon-in-Chief of Surgery at the MUHC and a professor and the Vice Chair of Surgery at McGill University. He holds the Jo Miller Chair of Orthopaedic Research and is the Director of the McGill Arthroplasty group. He has published over 130 papers and book chapters. His research has been recognized with 6 Hip Society Awards, 2 American Academy of Orthopaedic Surgeons Awards of Excellence and 2 Founders Medals. He is a member of the prestigious Hip Society and International Hip Society.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He Qualified at Barts and trained in Trauma and Orthopaedics at UCH and the Westminster Hospitals. His Spinal training took place at UCH and the Royal National Orthopaedic Hospital with a European Fellowship in Gothenburg Sweden and Oslo Norway. He was appointed to St.Mary\u2019s Hospital and Medical School in 1984 and to the staff of the Royal National Orthopaedic Hospital as a Spine Surgeon in 1992. In 2003 he left to help set up and lead the spinal services at Ravenscourt Park Hospital part of the Hammersmith Hospitals Trust. He is a member of the International Society for the Study of the Lumbar Spine (ISSLS) and the North American Spine Society (NASS). He was a founder member of the European Spine Society (SSE) and a founder member and later President of The British Association of Spinal Surgeons.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Wade graduated from Louisiana State University School of Medicine New Orleans in 1978 and has been in practice for 39 years. He completed a residency at Lsu Health Sciences. Dr. Wade also specializes in Surgery. He currently practices at James W Wade II MD and is affiliated with Promise Hospital of Baton Rouge Mid City Campus.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Over the course of his career he has opened a number of companies. The first company he started was while he was still in college. It was McKenna Venture Investments and it was based in New Orleans. He says that he came up with the money to start this company by doing medical exams on prisoners. This business, though, had most of the properties it owned when Hurricane Katrina turned New Orleans into a lake. He tried to recover by fixing up properties and selling them to people with low to moderate incomes. He decided to quit the industry, though, when mortgages were being issued to people with little to no income and not having to put any money down on the house they were buying.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He completed a fellowship in hand surgery at Rush Presbyterian- St. Luke\u2019s Medical Center in Chicago in 1998, and has been working exclusively with elbows and hands ever since.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Concurrently, he is an Honorary Consultant Paediatric Orthopaedic Surgeon and Senior Clinical Research Fellow in the Nuffield Department of Orthopaedics, Rheumatology and Musculoskeletal Sciences at the University of Oxford.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He has a daughter he rarely sees, and his mailman, Jansson, is the closest thing he has to a friend and to an adversary. He is perfectly content to live out his days in quiet solitude. One autumn evening, he is startled awake by a blinding light - only to discover that his house is on fire. With the help of Jansson, he escapes the flames just in time wearing two left boots.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She is committed to the advancement of science and medicine. She is currently the Vice President, Clinical Research for the North Shore LIJ Health System.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He graduated magna cum laude with a degree in Neuroscience from Brown University in Rhode Island before obtaining his medical degree from the University of California, San Diego (UCSD). He performed an internship in general surgery and a residency in neurosurgery at University of Alabama at Birmingham Medical Center. Thereafter, he was affiliated with Cedars-Sinai Medical Center as an Attending Neurosurgeon. He is currently an Attending Neurosurgeon at Kaiser Permanente Medical Center, Los Angeles.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Casey graduated from Northwestern University Feinberg School of Medicine in 1977 and has been in practice for 40 years. He completed a residency at Northwestern University. He currently practices at Holy Cross Medical Group Surgical Oncology and is affiliated with Holy Cross Hospital. Dr. Casey accepts multiple insurance plans including Aetna, Medicare and Humana. Dr. Casey is board certified in Surgery. In addition to English, Dr. Casey's practice supports these languages: Italian, Arabic and Spanish. Displaying the profile of a physician or provider on this website does not constitute or imply endorsement, recommendation, or favoring by the sponsoring hospital. The views and opinions of authors expressed herein do not necessarily state or reflect those of Trinity Health Corporation or any of its hospitals/ministries, and shall not be used for advertising or product endorsement purposes.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " In addition to private practice, he serves as a professor at the University of Kentucky. His interests include craniofacial surgery, pediatric plastic surgery, breast reconstruction and aesthetic surgery.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He is also a vicious killer with a stunning gift. Detective Jacob Sparks is heading up the task force to take him down. But he knows he's going to need some rather unconventional help. Enter Billy Ray Dean, charming, witty, a real ladies man and a ruthless sociopath who happens to be immune to Malcolm's gifts. Detective Sparks uses one killer to hunt the other but when he loses control the body count rises and chaos and carnage become order of the day. Two very different killers . one goal. Destroy each other and anyone else that gets in the way.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She has been practicing in the Houston and The Woodlands area providing family medicine and cardiology care to her patients. Brandi likes to take time to listen to her patients and make them feel comfortable and provide care for both acute and chronic conditions with an emphasis on preventive medicine.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He received his medical degree from University of Oklahoma College of Medicine and has been in practice for more than 20 years. He is one of 92 doctors at Hoag Memorial Hospital Presbyterian and one of 41 at Ronald Reagan UCLA Medical Center who specialize in Plastic Surgery.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " At that time she obtained her CCFP from the College of Family Physicians. Dr. Bedaj is a member in good standing with the College of Physicians and Surgeons of Ontario and the Canadian College of Family Physicians. Her special interests include preventative and mental health, women\u2019s and children's health, as well as various cosmetic and rejuvenation therapies.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Fellowship trained in complex primary and revision hip and knee replacement procedures, he performs minimally invasive anterior and posterior approach hip replacements. Dr. Ackerman is one of few surgeons trained in hip arthroscopy and open pelvic osteotomy surgery. He treats adolescents, young adults, and athletes with hip disorders including acetabular labral tears, femoroacetabular impingement problems, hip dysplasia, avascular necrosis and sequelae of pediatric hip problems. Dr. Ackerman believes in the comprehensive care of his patients by providing the highest level of individualized care. He presents all available treatment options, including nonsurgical and surgical procedures to improve patients\u2019 overall health and activity.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She earned her ND from Southwest College of Naturopathic Medicine in Tempe, AZ, and is a member of the North Carolina Association of Naturopathic Physicians. Visit her website at www.awarenesswellness.com", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " His clinical and research interests are in global health, specifically in the reduction of disparities and the expansion of surgical delivery for low-income populations by developing the surgical workforce and surgical infrastructure in sub-Saharan Africa. He currently spends 3-6 months of his time annually in Rwanda engaged in the Human Resources for Health program of Rwanda.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Shin graduated from University of Alabama School of Medicine in 1989 and has been in practice for 27 years. He currently practices at Dartmouth Medical Center and is affiliated with Dartmouth Hitchcock Medical Center. Dr. Shin accepts multiple insurance plans including Harvard Pilgrim, Tufts Health Plan and Medicare. In addition to English, Dr. Shin's practice supports these languages: Vietnamese, Spanish, Russian, Polish, French, German and Tagalog.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Oliver's professional interests are orthopedic and soft tissue surgery, sports medicine, and diagnostic imaging of the performance horse. Dr. Oliver was raised on a cattle ranch, in Eastern NM, near Fort Sumner. After graduating high school, he attended Oklahoma State University where he earned both a Bachelors in Animal Science and Doctor of Veterinary Medicine. After graduation from veterinary school in 2010, Dr. Oliver accepted an internship at Oakridge Equine in Edmond, OK, where he trained under Drs. Mike Major and Brent Hague. In 2011, he entered a 3 year large animal surgery residency at Texas A&M University under the mentorship of Dr. Jeff Watkins and many other great surgeons.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He treats veins on the legs and hands and has over 30 years experience. Formerly an NHS consultant for 13 years, Dr Gajraj specialises exclusively in non-surgical walk in, walk out treatments under local anaesthetic in VeinCare clinics in Dorset and Hampshire. For more information see http://www.theveincarecentre.co.uk/ or call 01935 873 951", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She finds great joy in caring for her patients, as well as helping students and residents find their passion in family medicine. Melissa is excited to be a part of MAHEC\u2019s local committment to providing care to underserved populations through her community volunteer efforts.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " For the past ten years, he has been travelling every weekend with a team of volunteers to far flung corners of the country, and helping improve the lives of people who, due to their remote locations, cannot seek medical attention. Like \u201cPatch Adams,\u201d Dr. Bwelle believes that a smiling, happy patient is the best reward, for a doctor.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She is the administrative Medical Lead at Northern Health for Medical Assistance in Dying. As such, she is a member of the Provincial Medical Assistance in Dying Working Group. Dr. Hart has been a member of the medical staff at the Bulkley Valley District Hospital for thirty-five years. In addition to General Practice, she has provided HIV Primary Care for fifteen years and General Practice in Oncology for twelve years. She established the Methadone Maintenance Program in Smithers and has been a past Chief of Staff of the Bulkley Valley District Hospital.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Dr. Ugoeke graduated from University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill School of Medicine in 2010 and has been in practice for 8 years. He completed a residency at Nassau County Medical Center. In addition to English, Dr. Ugoeke's practice supports this language: Spanish.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He has practiced for 21 years and specializes in surgery. Saad finished up his internship in England, and he immigrated to the United States close to 45 years ago where he completed his residency in surgery as well as pediatric surgery in the states.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " For women, he performs breast reduction, breast reconstruction and breast lift in San Francisco. Dr. Bermudez also has many years\u2019 experience performing breast augmentation for San Francisco and breast implants patients.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She specializes in orthopaedics with an emphasis on disorders of the spine. Kelly joined Hinsdale Orthopaedics in 2009 and works alongside Dr. Templin in the operating room, hospital, and clinical settings.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Continuously educating and researching, Dr. David is constantly searching for new and improved ways that allow him to provide the best possible care to his patients. He is associated with both Synergy Specialists Medical Group'and the San Diego Stem Cell Treatment Center. Dr. Tal David completed his undergraduate studies at the University of Texas-Austin ...", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Jordan-Harris is also the former Chairman and current member of the Board of Trustees at Charles Drew University of Medicine and Science. Dr. Jordan-Harris\u2019 main clinical and research interests include adolescent gynecology, urogynecology, breast and cervical cancer education, menopause, domestic violence and international health.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " With specialized training in facial plastic surgery, he has built a reputation as a top Newport Beach rhinoplasty, facelift and blepharoplasty surgeon. He also performs body contouring and breast procedures such as breast augmentation and tummy tuck in Orange County.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Bedway graduated from Jefferson Medical College at Thomas Jefferson University in 2008 and has been in practice for 10 years. He currently practices at Paul B Thompson MD and is affiliated with Cape Canaveral Hospital. Dr. Bedway accepts multiple insurance plans including Aetna, Medicare and Humana. In addition to English, Dr. Bedway's practice supports this language: Spanish.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Iero graduated from University of Texas Health Science Center at San Antonio Long School of Medicine in 1996 and has been in practice for 22 years. He completed a residency at American Sports Medicine Institute. He currently practices at Orthopaedic Associates and is affiliated with St Joseph Regional Health Center. Dr. Iero accepts multiple insurance plans including Aetna, Medicare and Humana. Dr. Iero also practices at St Joseph Regional Health Center Emergency in Bryan, TX. In addition to English, Dr. Iero's practice supports this language: Spanish.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " For the past five years she has worked full-time as a staff-specialist in acute and general medicine at the Alfred Hospital. Her outpatient areas of interest include obesity, complex chronic diseases, chronic fatigue, frail elderly patients and the management of medically unexplained symptoms. She has published a major book called Dear Life: On Caring for the Elderly.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Dr. Chebli graduated from State University of New York Medical School in 1995 and has been in practice for 23 years. He completed a residency at Cleveland Clinic Foundation. Dr. Chebli also specializes in Bariatric Medicine (Obesity Medicine). He currently practices at Venice Metabolic and Bariatric Surgery and is affiliated with Brandon Regional Hospital. Dr. Chebli accepts multiple insurance plans including Aetna, Medicare and Multiplan.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Frankhouse graduated from Emory University School of Medicine in 1990 and has been in practice for 28 years. He completed a residency at Lac Usc Medical Center. He currently practices at Joseph H Frankhouse MD and is affiliated with Legacy Good Samaritan Medical Center. Dr. Frankhouse accepts multiple insurance plans including Aetna, Medicare and PacifiCare (UnitedHealthcare). Dr. Frankhouse also practices at Legacy Good Samaritan Hospital in Portland, OR.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Her emphasis on health and \u201cpreventative maintenance\u201d is so refreshing in todays healthcare milieu. She is a tremendous advocate for her patients whom she shepherds through todays healthcare maze with unparralleled efficiency and empathy. She is available to her patients 24 hours a day, a truly different approach to healthcare.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He serves patients at Illinois Bone & Joint Institute in Glenview and Wilmette, Ill. He completed his orthopedic oncology fellowship at Sloan-Kettering Memorial Cancer Center in New York City, and a joint replacement fellowship at Rush Presbyterian St. Luke's Hospital in Chicago.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Her philosophy is to use the least invasive and effective method to bring balance back to the body and restore health, while educating the patient on how to maintain it. Her areas of focus include Allergies and Chemical Sensitivities, Anti-Aging, Cancer Co-Management, Dermatology, Heavy Metal Detoxification, Hepatic Dysfunction, Immune Dysfunction, Insomnia and Men\u2019s Health.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " She is a graduate of the Ohio University College of Osteopathic Medicine and completed her internship at the Michigan State University Kalamazoo Center for Medical Studies. She has also completed a residency at the University of Kansas Medical Center and a fellowship at Children's Mercy Hospital in Kansas City in physical medicine and rehabilitation.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Dr. Harris-Spinks completed a sports medicine fellowship at the University of Colorado, where she served as a team physician for the Buffaloes football, volleyball, and lacrosse teams.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " As part of the ECAPS team, Dr. Chalfoun works with patients to achieve fantastic results. Perhaps because he\u2019s accustomed to (and indeed prefers) working as \u2026", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Pioneer in Laparoscopic surgery in the city of Pune. An honorary surgeon at Premier institute in Pune.he is always called as an expert and second opinion for young and upcoming surgeon in the city of Pune and outside.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He can also detect individuals who will be committing crimes in the future so he tries to stop them from doing so. He meets Detective Hayase Junichiro and start working with him in solving cases.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He qualified from the University of Glasgow in 1980 and underwent his surgical training in London, Manchester and Stuttgart. He is passionate on training and research: he has been voted the Orthopaedic North West Trainer of the Year twice by NWOTA and was awarded the King James IV Professorship in 2016.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Armed with an MD in Internal Medicine, she juggles between clinics and writing. When medicine gets overwhelming, poetry is her escape. Her maiden venture, Spellbound Inc., is a culmination of years of experience in creative writing.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He returned to Boulder to join Boulder Orthopedics, now BoulderCentre for Orthopedics, after completing his residency at the Medical College of Virginia in Richmond, Virginia. Before attending medical school, Dr. Dolbeare obtained his master's degree in physical therapy and practiced in New York and Boston and at Boulder Orthopedics. To broaden his orthopedic skills and give his patients complete and comprehensive care, he aspired to orthopedic surgery. In addition to seeing patients in Boulder and Lafayette, Dr. Dolbeare also sees patients at Wray District Community Hospital.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She currently is a medical consultant to CBD Testers. Dr. Zachar believes that there is much that medical cannabis, and cannabidiol in particular can offer to traditional medicine.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " This is a very specific field of plastic surgery that deals with facial differences. As a result, he has much more experience and training in correction of prominent ears than the average plastic surgeon.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Constantinopoulos graduated from National & Kapodistrian University of Athens School of Health Sciences in 1975 and has been in practice for 42 years. He completed a residency at Hahnemann University Hospital. He currently practices at Constantinopoulos & Ginalis MDs and is affiliated with Monmouth Medical Center. Dr. Constantinopoulos accepts multiple insurance plans including Medicare, Horizon Blue Cross Blue Shield and Blue Cross Blue Shield. Dr. Constantinopoulos also practices at Monmouth Medical Center Radiation Oncology in Long Branch, NJ.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Desperate for money to pay his sister's medical bills, he adopts the code name Yong Pal and offers his medical skills to those in need of medical attention but who cannot do so publicly, dealing with gangsters and corrupt plutocrats. It is while making such a house call that Tae Hyeon rescues \"sleeping beauty\" Han Yeo Jin, a chaebol heiress, from a medically induced coma, leading to unintended consequences.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She was born in Havana, Cuba and came to the United States when she was 10 years old. She received her BA from Rutgers University, her Master of Science in Chemical Biology from Stevens Institute of Technology and worked several years as a scientist with Hoffman-La Roche Pharmaceuticals before entering medical school. She completed her medical training from University of Medicine and Dentistry of New Jersey (Currently Rutgers-NJMS) and went on to complete her residency training in Fort Hood, Texas in 2014. She is currently stationed in Fort Benning, GA, where she is a full time attending physician and mom to a 3 year old boy and 1.5 year old girl. Professional interests include scientific writing and simulation along with women leadership and gendered stereotypes", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Graduating from the University of Souza Marques in Rio de Janeiro with an interest in performing surgeries in the human hip, he has been influential in treating chronic pain in the body in his home country. From the years of 1992 to 1994, he worked as an officer dealing with medical things for the Rio de Janeiro Fire Department. He later on worked for over 16 years as a doctor at the National Municipal Miguel Couto in the same city (INTO) as unsurprisingly, a hip surgeon.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Based upon 40 years of surgical experience performing arthroscopic knee surgery, total and partial knee replacements, and total knee revision surgery, his current practice focuses on non-operative evaluation and treatment of adult knee disorders.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Buinewicz Plastic Surgery has practices located in Doylestown, Bucks County, PA as well as Flemington, Hunterdon County, NJ. He is a triple board-certified plastic surgeon and the Chief of the Division of Plastic Surgery at Abington Memorial.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She practices in Anchorage, Alaska and has the professional credentials of MD. The NPI Number for Sandra Lee Gailey is 1013930197 and she holds a License No. 5591 (Alaska).", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Her clinical and academic interests include primary care in the global health context, global health education, the scholarship-leadership continuum, the care of marginalized populations and HIV primary care.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He is the Director of Food and Ankle Sports Medicine at The Steadman Clinic and specializes in the lower extremities, foot, and ankle. Dr. Clanton has treated countless athletes including Yao Ming, Liu Xiang, and Eddie George.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She practices in a multidisciplinary setting and knows firsthand the importance of inter professional collaboration to ensure optimal patient care. She is the director of Interprofessional Education and Community Service Learning at the Faculty of Medicine. She is also the director of undergraduate education for the Department of Family Medicine.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He did not treat the officers, but has treated other victims of gunshot wounds. He said it is not completely unusual for a bullet to get stuck inside the body.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Drake received his medical degree from the University of Alabama School of Medicine in Birmingham, AL, and completed his residency in general surgery at the University of South Alabama College of Medicine in Mobile.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He has more than 25 years of experience caring for patients in the Washington D.C. and Bethesda areas, providing a wide range of cosmetic procedures (tummy tuck, breast augmentation, rhinoplasty, and more) and reconstructive procedures (earlobe repair, MOHS closure, skin lesion removal, and more). Among these, is a group of procedures, facial rejuvenation, which aims at treating signs of aging that present in facial features like the skin, areas around the eyes, the brow, and even the neck. Facelift surgery is among the most comprehensive of these procedures because it treats many aging features in the face.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He was deeply affected while treating two teenage patients who subsequently died from skin cancer, and became dedicated to finding an effective way maintain healthy skin and treat sun damage, setting up skincare brand Environ.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " For the past six months, he\u2019s been spending time with Martin, an off-kilter teenager in need of a father figure. The relationship is strange, but Steven appears to have it under control. Then, one morning, Bob wakes up with paralyzed legs. The doctors can\u2019t find a cause or a cure. But since Martin created this curse, he knows the cause and controls the outcome. Since his father died on the operating table under Steven\u2019s watch, Martin feels it\u2019s only fitting that Steven, as a father, makes a \u201cSophie\u2019s Choice\u201d as penance for his sins. Steven must choose whom of his blood to kill \u2014 Anna, Kim or Bob. If Steven can\u2019t choose, the three of them will display increasingly alarming symptoms that will ultimately result in death.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She was the salutatorian of her medical class at the University of Texas. She also completed an aesthetic surgery fellowship at the Manhattan Eye, Ear, and Throat hospital. She has been practicing plastic surgery for eight years and focuses mainly on cosmetic surgery. This includes breast augmentations, nose jobs, face-lifts and cyclid lifts. Prices for such jobs range from about 7 to 10 thousand dollars. She is one of the few women in the country who are certified in plastic surgery. In fact, she is even a part of the American Society for Aesthetic Plastic Surgery which is one of the leading organizations for certified cosmetic surgeons. Males are much more common in the field of plastic surgery, so Walden definitely had...", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He practices in Little Rock, Arkansas and has the professional credentials of MD. The NPI Number for Robert L Safirstein is 1932115995 and he holds a License No. E-3134 (Arkansas).", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " She has experience in Emergency Medicine, Plastic Surgery and Urgent Care. She has been with QuestCare Urgent Care since 2013 and enjoys working within the University Park community. She enjoys working through complex complaints, suturing lacerations and educating patients on wellness and preventative medicine. She is originally from Pittsburgh, PA, but now resides in McKinney with her husband, 1 year-old daughter Sienna and 2 rescue dogs.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " She has subspecialty training in pulmonary disease and critical care, with special interests and expertise in interstitial lung disease, pulmonary fibrosis and lung cancer.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He was born and raised in Toledo, OH and attended the University of Michigan for his undergraduate studies. He received his medical degree and ophthalmology residency training from the University of Cincinnati. Click here to read more.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Ford received her medical degree from University of North Carolina School of Medicine in Chapel Hill, NC. She completed her internship and residency in internal medicine and pediatrics at University of Tennessee Health Science Center.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He completed his general surgery residency at UC San Diego, as well as a fellowship is vascular surgery from July 2015 to June 2017, under the mentorship of Dennis Bandyk.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She has several academic qualifications in the medical field and a number of achievements and accomplishments. Her books reflect this wealth of knowledge and experience. Knowing the life and death consequences of wrong interpretation of EKG readings, she endeavors to present information in a clear and concise manner that helps students understand EKG interpretation without memorization. Practicing physician assistants and nurses also benefit from these books as they provide quick references.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " She is board certified as both a ND and APRN. Her specialties include MTHFR, fertility and treatment of \u201cthe 4As\u201d (asthma, autism, allergies, atopy/eczema). Dr Becker focuses on primarily treating the pediatric population and their parents. Dr Becker is the author of \u201cA Delicious Way to Heal the Gut\u201d a concise reference on gut healing.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He practices in Apo, Armed Forces Europe and has the professional credentials of MD. The NPI Number for Dr. Samuel John Kjome is 1336110600 and he holds a License No. 10065 (North Dakota).", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He is MD from the University of California and a Resident of Plastic Surgery from the same University. He also worked as a fellow of Microsurgery Fellowship at The Hand Center of San Antonio. Certified by the American Board of Plastic Surgery, Dr. Taleisnik has hospital affiliation at St. Joseph Hospital and Children\u2019s Hospital of Orange County. Dr. Taleisnik is also the member of American Society of Plastic Surgeons.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Farber was trained in New York by three of the biggest names in plastic surgery \u2013 Dr. Sherrell Aston, Dr. Daniel Baker, and Dr. Alan Matarasso. As a native of southern Florida, Dr. Farber is excited to work with patients in Boca Raton and surrounding communities to help them look and feel their absolute best. Dr. Farber uses only the most advanced surgical techniques, and when combined with his unparalleled training and proven techniques, he provides his patients with the utmost excellence in care.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " His focus is replacing bones, joints and cartilage that are damaged from sports, trauma or tumors. Outside the office, he enjoys spending time with family and water sports. Dr. Bates welcomes new patients.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " His mission is to maximize patients\u2019 results without automatically opting for surgery. Dr. Romano utilizes innovative treatment methods that address the source of pain rather than just the symptoms. By prioritizing the root cause of pain, the body is more capable of healing itself, and patients are less likely to come back with recurring injuries.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He is coauthor of both Immunotics (Putnam, 2000) and Smart Medicine for a Healthier Child (Avery, 1994), and is an Herb Research Foundation advisory board member.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Dr. Hughes has a background in biomedical engineering and approaches each patient and symptom as unique challenges that require custom approaches. He specializes in degenerative, deformity, and trauma-related diseases of the cervical, thoracic, and lumbosacral spine. Dr. Hughes employs innovative, less invasive approaches to the spine whenever possible and indicated. He believes that one of the most critical factors in spine surgery is \u201cgetting it right the first time\u201d for maximum benefit and outcomes. However, in cases of complex revision surgery, newer innovative techniques and approaches now allow for more effective treatment.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Her experience of patient-centered communication during her residency in internal medicine and oncology in her home country was the decisive factor for her decision to study at Harvard for an MPH in social and behavioral sciences with a concentration in health communication, for which she received a Fulbright fellowship and a scholarship from the Swiss Association of Women in Academics. Dr Richard is also passionate about communication for health promotion and working to reduce disparities in the social determinants of health. She is excited to have the opportunity to write as a student blogger for voices in leadership, as she believes stories are one of the most powerful ways to make a significant impact in people\u2019s minds.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He is a Diplomate of the American Board of Plastic Surgery and a member of the American Society of Plastic Surgeons, The American Society for Aesthetic Plastic Surgery, and the California Society of Plastic Surgeons. He regularly writes about plastic surgery and the issues surrounding it on his blog at http://www.drkim.com/blog .", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Practising at the London Neurosurgery Partnership and King's College Hospital, where he serves as clinical lead. He is also lead for neurovascular surgery, specialising in vascular problems of the brain and spinal cord as well as spinal problems that cause sciatica, arm pain and back pain. In 2006 he became the first surgeon in Britain to carry out a non-occlusive cerebral vascular bypass operation, his team re-routed the blood supply within the brain of a patient using ELANA technology. He is the director of the only accredited Neurovascular Clinical Training Fellowship from the Royal College of Surgeons in the UK and has large research experience with an extensive publication record.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She practices in Apo, Armed Forces Europe and has the professional credentials of MD. The NPI Number for Dr. Kimberly D Kumer is 1700984853 and she holds a License No. 35075089 (Ohio).", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Her clinical roles provide insight into community and hospital medicine, and the interface between these areas, as well as a unique perspective on the medico-legal aspects of clinical practice gained by managing a wide variety of forensic cases.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Youn made his national TV debut on Dr. 90210 and has been a frequent guest on The Rachael Ray Show and The CBS Early Show. He has written articles for RADAR magazine, MSNBC.com and CBS News.com. Tony's blog is the most popular blog by a plastic surgeon in the country.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Vignati graduated from University of Connecticut School of Medicine in 1989 and has been in practice for 29 years. He completed a residency at Massachusetts General Hospital. Dr. Vignati also specializes in Vascular Surgery. He currently practices at Vascular & Endovascular Specialists and is affiliated with Franklin Regional Hospital. Dr. Vignati accepts multiple insurance plans including Aetna, Harvard Pilgrim and Tufts Health Plan. Dr. Vignati also practices at Orthopedic Professional Association in Franklin, NH.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He is the chief Editor of the widely read Phlebology Journal. He is a Professor of Vascular Surgery of the academic department based at the Imperial College, London. He trained in Cambridge, Oxford, Plymouth, Boston (USA) and Bristol, prior to taking up a Consultant appointment at Charing Cross in 1994. He is the past -President of the European Venous Forum, and the current President of the UK Venous Forum. He is also a Hunterian Professor at the Royal College of Surgeons of England. He has written/edited/co-authored an impressive list of 25 books , 63 chapters and 231 peer reviewed publications.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She practices in New Orleans, Louisiana and has the professional credentials of MD. The NPI Number for Maria Bayard Weimer is 1659394518 and she holds a License No. 022152 (Louisiana).", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He is emeritus clinical professor of surgery and was president of the Royal College of Surgeons in Ireland (RCSI) from 2012 to 2014. Recently retired from surgical practice, he is group clinical director for the RCSI Hospitals Group.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She attended the University of Minnesota Duluth where she received a Bachelor of Science in Cell and Molecular Biology in 2013. She then went on to complete her Master of Science degree in Physician Assistant Studies at Bethel University. She enjoys hiking, playing tennis, reading, and spending time with family and friends.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He graduated from medical school at the Faculty of Medicine-University of Cairo and completed his residency in general surgery from George Washington University. Dr. Selim is a member of The Royal College of Surgeons of England.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He is internationally known for his expertise and is a member of a number of professional organizations such as the American Association of Plastic Surgeons and the American Society of Maxillofacial Surgeons. He attended North Dakota State University which where he earned both his bachelor\u2019s degree and postgraduate. He then attended the Baylor University College of Medicine in order to earn his medical degree.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Doppalapudi specializes in the diagnosis and treatment of varied simple to complex infections, and prior to joining Medical Associates of North Georgia, she served as an attending physician in Internal Medicine & Infectious Diseases at the Providence Medford Medical Center, Asante Rogue Medical Center, Asante Ashland Community Hospital and Providence Medical Group ID/HIV/Hepatitis Clinic in Medford Oregon. She has served multiple academic appointments, serving as an affiliate faculty member at the Oregon Health and Science University, as well as a Clinical Assistant Professor of Internal Medicine at the Western University of Health Sciences.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " A cluster of unexpected deaths occurs in postoperative patients, forcing Gordon to pursue the solution to the mystery. The plot twists through the wards and operating rooms of the busy hospital, across the East Bay hills, and even to Agra, India. The novel explores how patients cope with severe neurological illnesses. There are interwoven stories about the treatment of patients who suffer from cancer, trauma, and intracranial hemorrhage. Secondary characters include a priest with a malignant brain tumor that affects his speech, a baseball scout for the San Francisco Giants with metastatic spinal cancer that causes paralysis, and an airline pilot with a benign tumor that alters his personality. A running theme throughout the novel is Gordon's cross-cultural relationship with his Indian born wife, Aruna.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Here, he talks to Dr Nancy Boodhoo about working with limited resources, the value of good communication and how the medicolegal risks have changed over the years", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She is the successor of academic experience of Dr. Qiu Xiao Mei, the State Notable TCM Expert of Gynecology. Dr. Zhang is also a Chief Physician of Chinese Medicine, Professor of Zhejiang Chinese Medical University, and master tutor. She is majoring in TCM Gynecology, specialized in treating many kinds of women diseases with traditional Chinese medicine. Over the 40 years clinical practice, she has accumulated rich experience in treating such diseases as endometriosis, infertility, poly-cyst ovary syndrome, myoma, menopause syndrome etc; she is well known domestically and oversea for its remarkable effectiveness in treating infertility by herbal medicine.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " She started in Emergency Medicine. Here, she was exposed to many different types of medical situations under the pressures of a fast-moving emergency room. She eventually began pursuing her interest in aesthetic medicine and moved to a position in hair restoration. During this time she gained an immense amount of experience in all things hair. Now, as a Dermatology PA, she brings with her the knowledge from her diverse past background. This ranges from picking up on a wide variety of emergency situations, skills in cosmetic suture closure, experience in local anesthesia and cosmetic injections, and experience with cosmetic lasers. Krishna loves what she does and it shows with the passion she brings everyday.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He also is skilled in microsurgery. Dr. Wong places a strong emphasis on working with each patient to develop an individualized approach to promote the best possible level of recovery and function. In his free time, Dr. Wong enjoys spending time with his family, cycling, and skiing.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He is renowned for his outstanding surgical skills, extensive experience, \"artistically-inspired\" surgical techniques and stunning aesthetic results. Dr. Hause is a Diplomate of the American Board of Plastic Surgery and a former Diplomate of the American Board of Surgery. He is also a Fellow of the American College of Surgeons.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He did his medical training at the University of Nairobi before proceeding to Makerere University in Kampala, Uganda, for his residential training in Orthopedics and Trauma. He capped it all off with a fellowship in orthopedics and trauma from the College of Surgeons of East, Central, and Southern Africa.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Llewellyn graduated from University of Missouri Columbia School of Medicine in 1983 and has been in practice for 35 years. He completed a residency at United States Army Medical Center. He currently practices at Pamela S Hill MD and is affiliated with Mat-Su Regional Medical Center. Dr. Llewellyn accepts multiple insurance plans including Medicare, Blue Cross Blue Shield and Medicaid.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Michael\u2019s Hospital, Professor at the University of Toronto and the Canada Research Chair in Atherosclerosis. He has been on the India Abroad Power List, recognized as one of Canada\u2019s Top 40 under 40, and honoured with the Howard Morgan Award from the International Academy of Cardiovascular Sciences and the Royal College of Physicians and Surgeons of Canada Gold Medal in Surgery. He is a member of the Royal Society of Canada College of New Scholars, Artists and Scientists, and an inductee of the American Association of Thoracic Surgeons. Dr. Verma runs a practice that encompasses the entire spectrum of adult cardiac surgery (with a special interest in mitral valve repair and bicuspid aortopathy).", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He\u2019s Co-Founder of the Phytoscience Institute and the Medical Director of Vermont Patients Alliance Inc, a non-revenue plant-based mostly pharmaceutical research heart that serves over 800 patients with debilitating medical conditions. He\u2019s additionally the co-director of the Cannabis Science and Medication Program the University of Vermont Medical School. Dr. Freeman accomplished his BA at the College of Michigan, and each his MD and PhD on the University of Colorado, the place he specialized in molecular biology.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He is well-versed in the management of a wide range of ENT conditions and has a passion for the treatment of diseases of the nose and sinuses. Dr Gan Eng Cern was the Chief Rhinologist (Nose and Sinus Subspecialist) at Changi General Hospital, Singapore. He completed his subspecialty training in Rhinology and Endoscopic Skull Base Surgery at St Paul\u2019s Sinus Centre, University of British Columbia, Vancouver, Canada. Dr Gan Eng Cern was also a Senior Clinical Lecturer at Yong Loo Lin School of ... See more [ + ]Medicine at the National University of Singapore.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " As a physician assistant, her clinical interests include triage and assessment of acute care of hematology and oncology in-patients, management of in-patient chemotherapy and assist proper monitoring and coordination of care of clinical trial patients, as well as, promotion of education of PA/NP students and medical students rotating through the service. In the past, she has served as sub-investigator for the sarcoma service.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " She received her master's in physician assistant studies from Wingate University in Wingate, North Carolina, and she received her Bachelor of Science in public health sciences with a concentration in pre-professional health studies from Clemson University in Clemson, South Carolina. She is a member of the North Carolina Academy of Physician Assistants.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Dr. Brito graduated from George Washington University School of Medicine & Health Sciences in 2012 and has been in practice for 6 years. He completed a residency at Lynn Hospital. In addition to English, Dr. Brito's practice supports these languages: Arabic, Tagalog, Polish, Russian, French, Spanish, Italian, Korean and Vietnamese.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She received her BA from Johns Hopkins University and her M.D. from the University of Arizona. She completed her graduate training in clinical nutrition. Her research interests including reducing the risk of breast cancer through preventive measures such as nutrition and healthy lifestyle as well as designing non-invasive detection methods that may identify women at high risk for developing breast cancer in addition to the current methods of mammography and clinical breast exam.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Dr. Steinhauer received his medical degree from Harvard Medical School in Boston, MA. Dr. Steinhauer completed his internship and residency in internal medicine at Boston City Hospital (Harvard Service) in Boston, MA. He did his fellowship in infectious disease at Thorndike Memorial Laboratory in Boston, MA.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Dr. Burg is the Chairman of the Department of Family Medicine in the North Bronx Health Care Network. She provides primary care services and conducts community research in the Bronx community. She is a co-founder of Sapna NYC", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Christopher Merrell, a nonsurgical spine and pain management specialist. Originally from Memphis, TN, she moved to South Carolina to attend college at the University of South Carolina, where she graduated in 2009 with a Bachelor's degree in Exercise Science before earning her Masters in Physician Assistant Studies at MUSC in 2015.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He works with a team of specialists who also take care of clefts, such as a speech therapist, an oral surgeon, an orthodontist, and even a prosthodontist if necessary. There is no age limit for treatment of cleft lip and cleft palate at The Craniofacial and Plastic Surgery Center in Houston.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He is the holder of the Betty and Warren Woodward Chair in Plastic and Reconstructive Surgery and Professor and Chairman of the Department of Plastic Surgery at the University of Texas Southwestern Medical Center.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " In addition to his work at NEBH, Dr. Schena holds academic appointments as Clinical Instructor at St. Elizabeth's Medical Center and at Tufts University School of Medicine. He has published a number of articles and given presentations on topics relating to upper extremity injuries and foot and ankle injuries. Dr. Schena earned his medical degree from the University of Massachusetts Medical School, completed his residency at UMass Memorial Medical Center and University of Massachusetts Medical Center, followed by a fellowship at New England Baptist Hospital. Dr. Schena specializes in sports medicine and general orthopedic injuries.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Providing a comprehensive range of cosmetic treatments, he specializes in breast augmentation, tummy tucks, facelifts, fat grafts, and hair restoration.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Angel graduated from University of Texas Health Science Center at San Antonio Long School of Medicine in 1991 and has been in practice for 27 years. He completed a residency at Lsu Health Sciences. He currently practices at Golden Triangle Neurocare LLP and is affiliated with Christus Hospital St Elizabeth. Dr. Angel accepts multiple insurance plans including Aetna, Medicare and Humana. In addition to English, Dr. Angel's practice supports this language: Spanish.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Since joining Marshall, Dr. Locke has served in a number of capacities, including Chief of Surgery and Chief of Staff. He has been closely affiliated with Marshall Medical Center since 1985.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Jennifer has been with Jefferson Hospital since 2007. She is dedicated to patient care and utilizing her extensive knowledge to assist patients back to optimum health.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " She completed the PA program at Emory University in Atlanta in 1988 and is currently stationed at the West Georgia Worx Medical Clinic at the Kia Motors Manufacturing Georgia plant in West Point.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He is skilled and experienced in using advanced, minimally invasive surgical techniques to address conditions that cause shoulder, knee, or hip pain, such as arthritis and injury.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He practices in Apo, Armed Forces Americas and has the professional credentials of PA-C. The NPI Number for Mr. Harry Joseph Guarino is 1023447042 and he holds a License No. MAO56331 (Pennsylvania).", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He is board-certified in surgery and cardiac and thoracic surgery. Dr. Bakaeen is Professor of Surgery at the Cleveland Clinic Lerner College of Medicine.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He has spoken and written about bone and joint conditions, extensively in his 36 years of being in the field of orthopedic surgery. Since retired, he has written an orthopedic guide for the layperso...", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He also performs smaller enhancements to the face using his non-surgical skills, including Juv\u00e9derm and Botox injections, as well as refreshing and tightening faces with Ultherapy treatments and laser resurfacing sessions.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He had never had thoughts about an afterlife, and if he did he presumed that it was caused by something happening to the chemicals in the brain when under trauma.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He specialises in the management of gall bladder, bile duct, liver and pancreas conditions. These include stomach cancer, liver cancer, pancreatic cancer, bile duct cancer, gall bladder cancer, colon cancer and small bowel tumours.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He is double Board Certified by the American Board of Plastic Surgery and by the American Board of Otolaryngology. He is also a Diplomat of the American Board of Plastic Surgery. He graduated from Medical College of Pennsylvania and did his surgical residency at UC Davis, his Otolaryngology residency at UCI, and his residency in Plastic and Reconstructive surgery was completed at University of South Florida. Dr Javaheri specialty is reconstructive and plastic surgery of the breast and body. Plastic surgeon Dr Shahin Javaheri has two surgery centers; Berkeley and San Francisco.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He was a brilliant but egotistical surgeon concerned only with the wealth he earned from his career. A car accident shatters the bones in his hands. The damage effectively ends his ability to conduct surgery since his hands now tremble uncontrollably. Too proud to take on a teaching job, Strange desperately searches for a way to restore his hands. He consults doctors, homeopathic treatments, and travels around the world to remote regions for exotic cures.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Known for her ability to handle complex cases, Dr. Russel has a particular focus on bioidentical hormone therapy for men and women, digestive health, food allergies, thyroid and adrenal function, macular degeneration, and aldosterone for hearing loss. She has been a medical writer and editor for many years.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He has focused particularly on the surgical treatment of atrial fibrillation (the Maze Procedure), pulmonary thromboendarterectomy for the treatment of chronic pulmonary thromboembolic disease, and repair of aneurysms of the aortic root, ascending aorta, aortic arch and descending thoracic aorta.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She specializes in general and cosmetic dermatology, and enjoys the team approach when it comes to patient care. Click View Profile to read more about Heather Capps.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " She is a graduate of the Pace University-Lenox Hill Hospital Physician Assistant Program in New York, NY. Originally, Kaitlyn is from Agawam, Massachusetts, and she earned her Bachelor's degree from the University of Massachusetts Amherst.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He received his medical degree from the University of Tennessee College of Medicine and has had a practice for more than 20 years. A Colon & Rectal Surgeon, proficient in advanced laparoscopic, does general surgery, performs upper & lower scopes.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Meijer received his medical degree from University of Texas Southwestern Medical School, completed his residency at Louisiana State University and completed his fellowship at the Andrews Institute in Florida.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He treats infants, children and adolescents with orthopedic conditions. These conditions include sports injuries, fractures, bone and joint infections, scoliosis, clubfoot, and hip dysplasia. He believes in simple, ...", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He completed his MD from the University of Birmingham and joined the University of North Carolina as a Resident of General Surgery. He also got the privilege to learn more about the Plastic Surgery when he attended the same University as a fellow of Plastic Surgery. Certified by the American Board of Plastic Surgery, he is also the member of Fellow American College of Surgeons. Dr. Huntly has hospital affiliations at Memorial Health University which shows his loyalty to his profession.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Convinced that traditional medicine was not truly healing her patients, she began her transition to functional medicine. Her practice is guided by the deep-seated belief that the body should be treated as a whole rather than as individual parts. This integrative, \u201cwhole body treatment\u201d focuses on improving the mind, body and spirit, utilizes the body\u2019s healing properties, and creates a sense of complete wellness. Dr. Erika\u2019s passion for treating the whole person in order to change people\u2019s lives is apparent in every aspect of her practice.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " She has been an APLS instructor for 13 years and has instructed on disaster-related courses such as MIMMS and Emergo-train. She has an interest in disaster response, both locally and internationally, is actively involved in disaster preparedness at RCH and is a member of the Disaster Subcommittee of the ACEM.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He has a keen interest in research, with a current focus on sports-related injuries of the AC joint (where the clavicle, or collar bone, meets the highest point of the shoulder blade; acromion) and management of acute shoulder injuries.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Although he does not have as much experience as some people on the team, he brings insight as to how medical facilities are currently operating and what can be improved upon. Shahab will also be assisting with workflow design, usability testing, and marketing efforts.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " She practices in Sandy, Utah and has the professional credentials of P.A.. The NPI Number for Ms. Lynda Goodenough is 1295784940 and she holds a License No. 104165-1206 (Utah).", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He developed a multi-disciplinary diabetic foot clinic in 1981, one of the first in the world. This clinic brought about a 50% reduction in major amputations in people with diabetes at King\u2019s College Hospital. He is a past Chairman of the Diabetic Foot Study Group of the European Association of the Study of Diabetes. He has co-authored the book Managing the Diabetic Foot (Blackwell Science) and A Practical Manual of Diabetic Foot Care (Blackwell Science), which was voted BMA Book of the Year in 2004. He won the Karel Bakker award at the 6th International Symposium on the Diabetic Foot in 2011 and more recently in 2013 the DFSG Achievement Award. He has also won the Edward James Olmos award for the advocacy in amputation prevention at the DF Con 2014 and gave the Arnold Bloom lecture at Diabetes UK in 2015.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " A native of Central Oregon, he became interested in medicine at a young age His early experiences and desire to help people shaped the way he practices medicine today. He takes the time to understand his patients, learn about what motivates them, and then develops a treatment plan to get them back to their previous activities and fitness. Dr. Lilley is thrilled to be practicing medicine in his hometown.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He also performs penis enlargement surgery, male breast reduction, and labiaplasty. He serves men and women from Philadelphia, Southern New Jersey, and the entire Tri-State area.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " In October 2017, Dr. Raskin started his work with patient Alex Kingsbury who was injured while tree parachuting. Alex had broken his neck and was paralyzed. Dr. Raskin says it is so rewarding to see a patient with such a bad spinal cord injury, with only a 10% chance or less of walking again, come through with a remarkable recovery. He touts the work of staff at Riley and Alex's hard work and perseverance. Doctors at Riley thought he would not walk again. But with quick emergency care, surgery, rehab, and Alex's hard work and perseverance, he can walk again. Kelly Wilkinson/IndyStar", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He treats all his patients like family. With dual board certification, he offers a unique perspective on the detail required for an excellent surgical result.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " After receiving his MD from the University of Pennsylvania School of Medicine, Dr. Kulick has served in a number of academic and industry roles including Division Director at Cincinnati Children's Hospital; Executive Director of Schuman Associates IRB; Senior Scientist at the Proctor & Gamble Co., where he led clinical evaluation of weight management technologies; and Director of Clinical Research at Ethicon Endo-Surgery (a Johnson & Johnson Company). Currently, Dr. Kulick is an Entrepreneur-in-Residence at the University of Cincinnati Technology Accelerator for Commercialization and at the University of Louisville Coulter Translational Partnership as well as the Principal of ConneXion Life Sciences.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He received his medical degree from Universidad Autonoma de Guadalajara and has been in practice for 44 years. Dr. Monsivais also speaks multiple languages, including Spanish.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Lee graduated from State University of New York Upstate Medical University in 1996 and has been in practice for 21 years. He completed a residency at Kerlan Jobe Orthopaedic Clinic. He currently practices at Lexington County Health Services District Inc. and is affiliated with Lexington Medical Center. Dr. Lee accepts multiple insurance plans including Aetna, Medicare and Humana.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Khorshid is a certified hospital surveyor, and a fellow of the American Institute for Health Care Quality (2010). Dr. Khorshid is an international consultant who has more than seventeen years of work experience in the field of health care management. She has worked in different healthcare settings, which include the World Health Organization (EMRO), the Ministry of Health in Egypt through donor funded projects (e.g. USAID and EU), university hospitals in Egypt and USA, a community hospital in USA, NGO Ambulatory Care in Egypt, and short term consultancies in a number of private sector settings in Egypt.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " This is what she had to say: \u201cPubic hair removal naturally irritates and inflames the hair follicles left behind, leaving microscopic open wounds. Rather than suffering a comparison to a bristle brush, frequent hair removal is necessary to stay smooth, causing regular irritation of the shaved or waxed area. When that irritation is combined with the warm, moist environment of the genitals, it becomes a happy culture media for some of the nastiest of bacterial pathogens, namely group A streptococcus, staphylococcus aureus and its recently mutated cousin methicillin resistant staph aureus (MRSA). There is an increase in staph boils and abscesses, necessitating incisions to drain the infection, resulting in scarring that can be significant. It is not at all unusual to find pustules and other hair follicle inflammation papules on shaved genitals.\u201d", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Her academic interests include the learning of professionalism, the role of medical humanities in medical education, and the development of student resilience and wellbeing. She is the recipient of the 2012 Faculty Teaching Medal and the 2013 Outstanding Teaching Award (Team) and is the Principal Investigator of this TDG project.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " His area of clinical interest is colorectal surgery, in particular the surgical management of Inflammatory Bowel Disease (IBD), hereditary cancer syndromes and colorectal cancer.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He is obsessed with performing surgical transplants and continues to experiment with amputated limbs he steals from the local hospital. While driving to his secret mountain laboratory to tend to an emergency, Cortner\u2019s reckless driving causes an accident and his car careens off the road, killing his fianc\u00e9e Jan. Not to be discouraged, he goes into the burning wreckage and wraps the decapitated head of his fianc\u00e9e in his jacket and tries to keep it alive long enough to find a suitable body to re-attach it to. Bill only has 48-50 hours to come up with a new body.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Bratton graduated from Louisiana State University School of Medicine New Orleans in 1972 and has been in practice for 45 years. He completed a residency at Lsu Health Sciences. He currently practices at Bert Randolph Bratton MD and is affiliated with Ochsner Medical Center North Shore. Dr. Bratton accepts multiple insurance plans including Medicare, Blue Cross Blue Shield and Multiplan.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He works as a senior cosmetic surgeon in one of the major hospitals in Melbourne. He also has his own clinic. He is qualified and has more than 15 years of experience in the field.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He is having an experience of maximum number of bariatric and metabolic cases in Asia with excellent results. He specializes in Laparoscopic Bariatric (Obesity) and metabolic surgeries and provides comprehensive care for the obesity and metabolic diseases.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Jasko graduated from University of Pittsburgh School of Medicine in 1997 and has been in practice for 19 years. He completed a residency at Psychiatric Hospital. Dr. Jasko also specializes in Sports Medicine and Foot & Ankle Surgery. He currently practices at University Orthopedics and is affiliated with Cabell Huntington Hospital. Dr. Jasko accepts multiple insurance plans including Aetna, Medicare and Humana. Dr. Jasko also practices at Charles E Giangarra MD in Ashland, KY. In addition to English, Dr. Jasko's practice supports these languages: Spanish and Arabic.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He qualified in 1984 in Leicester, trained in centres across the world before becoming a Consultant in 1999. He has specialised in laparoscopic surgery for over 20 years.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Since 2004 he has focused more on the intersection of pain, opioids, and addiction. Dr. Teater was lead facilitator for the expert panel during the development of the CDC Guidelines for Prescribing Opioids for Chronic Pain. He continues to work as a consultant with the CDC on educating prescribers on the appropriate treatment of pain.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Dr. Watermeier graduated from Louisiana State University School of Medicine New Orleans in 1972 and has been in practice for 44 years. He currently practices at Interventional Spine Specialists and is affiliated with Touro Infirmary. Dr. Watermeier accepts multiple insurance plans including Humana, Blue Cross Blue Shield and Multiplan.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " For the past 25 years she has been utilizing research from the most advanced technologies and practices available, while weighing her years of real patient experience to reverse disease and help patients heal.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " She led global health programs and research in the areas of family planning, sexually transmitted diseases, HIV prevention, women\u2019s reproductive rights and maternal health. She currently works as the Associate Medical Director of VSI, providing technical leadership for maternal mortality reduction programs in sub-Saharan Africa. She is a Bixby Associate Fellow.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Prior to that she led major new initiatives in health transformation and eHealth in Quebec, BC and nationally. Dr. Greenhill's work has received numerous recognitions including the WXN Top 100 Most Powerful Women in Canada, YWCA Vancouver Woman of Distinction, BIV Top 40 under 40 and the Queen Elizabeth II Medal of Service. She is also the first Canadian to win the Cartier Global Entrepreneur Awards and the 10th to be selected for the Blackbox Connect powered by Google for Entrepreneurs accelerator in Silicon Valley.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Joseph\u2019s Healthcare Hamilton and is the lead physician for the Transgender Care Program at Quest Community Health Centre in St. Catharines. Dr. Massarella sees and treats transgender identified clients and is a leading expert in transgender care. She is an assistant clinical professor at the DeGroote School of Medicine and also lectures widely on transgender health care. Recent appearances include TEDx: The Depathologization of Trans Identity, TEDx Hamilton: The false Narrative of Deception, and the CBC Doc Zone documentary Transforming Gender. She was the first transgendered person to be a president of a hospital medical staff anywhere in the world and was named one of the World\u2019s 50 Transgender Icons by Huffington Post.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Dr. Grandhige graduated from University of Michigan Medical School in 1999 and has been in practice for 19 years. He completed a residency at Yale University. He currently practices at Suncoast Surgical Associates and is affiliated with Brandon Regional Hospital. In addition to English, Dr. Grandhige's practice supports these languages: Spanish, Portuguese and Greek.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Her practice focuses on pediatric primary care and consultative care for autism spectrum disorder, other neurodevelopmental disorders and various chronic illnesses. Connect at 203-834-2813 and IHealthNow.org.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He specializes in treating arthritic conditions of the hip and knee joint with a strong focus on patient education as part of his approach when caring for his patients. In addition, exploring non-operative treatment for arthritis is of the utmost importance to him.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He has a general orthopedic practice as well as a subspecialty in spine. His general orthopedic focus includes management of a wide variety of disorders affecting the shoulders, arms, elbows, wrists, some in the hands, hips, thighs, knees, legs, and ankles. His spine practice includes treatments for conditions affecting the neck, mid-back, and low back.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She practices in Apo, Armed Forces Europe and has the professional credentials of MD. The NPI Number for Dr. Kay Lynn Vandenberg is 1902901085 and she holds a License No. K7634 (Texas).", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He practices in Little Rock, Arkansas and has the professional credentials of M.D.. The NPI Number for Dr. John Kevin Heifner is 1588666895 and he holds a License No. E2566 (Arkansas).", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Originally born in Chicago, he attended Northwestern University for its prestigious Honor Program in Medical Education. Dr. Chang completed his surgical residency at Mount Sinai Medical Center in Miami Beach and then became a busy attending general surgeon in the Memorial Hospital System in south Broward. Dr. Chang joined Soluna in 2007 as a partner. He has since specialized in vein care (sclerotherapy, endovenous laser treatment, ambulatory phlebectomy), minimally-invasive liposuction, suture suspension (minimally-invasive face lifts), injectables (Botox and fillers) and laser treatments.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Tyburczy graduated from New York Medical College in 1973 and has been in practice for 45 years. He completed a residency at Exempla Healthcare. Dr. Tyburczy accepts multiple insurance plans including Rocky Mountain Health Plans, Medicare and Humana. In addition to English, Dr. Tyburczy's practice supports this language: Spanish.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He is committed to helping patients rid themselves of wrinkles, lines, and loose skin, which can become more pronounced with age and daily stress. Because it is a quick procedure with long-lasting effects, BOTOX\u00ae Cosmetic has become a staple in the cosmetic field. It has become so popular, in fact, that many of today\u2019s top celebrities swear by its skin-smoothing properties.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He offers advanced treatments including minimally invasive muscle sparing total hip replacements and hip resurfacing, hip arthroscopy for labrum repairs, minimally invasive customized patient specific total knee replacement, partial knee replacement and knee arthroscopy. As well, he performs revision hip and knee replacements. Dr. Shah enjoys treating active athletic patients and helping them return to their high level of activity using novel, cutting edge surgical techniques. He provides the continuum of care for the hip and knee from minimally invasive arthroscopic procedures to complex revision procedures. He has written numerous orthopedic research articles and book chapters and has published surgical and video techniques for [...]", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Jane Tan practices at Nexus Surgical Associates in Orchard, Singapore,Nexus Surgical Associates in Novena, Singapore and Nexus Surgical Associates in Joo Chiat, Singapore. She completed MBBS from National University of Singapore, Singapore in 1997,M Med (Gen Surg) from National University of Singapore, Singapore in 2001 and MRCS (UK) from Royal College Of Surgeon Of Edinburgh, Uk in 2000. She is a member of Singapore Society of Colon and Rectal Surgeons and Singapore Medical Association. Some of the services provided by the doctor are: Breast Surgery,Colorectal Surgery,Endoscopy,Surgical Oncology and Laparoscopic and Minimally Invasive Surgery etc.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Sadaat is board certified as a Family Physician and her expertise includes women\u2019s health, preventive care and managing complex chronic medical conditions. She is an active member of the American Medical Association and the American Academy of Family Practitioners.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " She has nearly ten years of aesthetic experience and focuses in nonsurgical facial transformations. Danielle is also a fellow member of the American Academy of Physician Assistants. As a well-respected clinical educator, she has trained many cosmetic healthcare professionals (plastic surgeons, dermatologists, nurses, etc.) on a variety of injectable techniques and aesthetic treatments. Always very passionate about her work, Danielle enjoys helping her patients look younger and feel more confident as she enhances and restores their beauty at Advanced Plastic Surgery Center in Arlington, VA.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He is nationally recognized for his advanced surgical techniques, impeccable attention to detail, and ability to produce natural-looking results. At Columbus Aesthetic & Plastic Surgery, Dr. Heck prides himself on providing the highest quality of patient care, backed by his advanced education and years of experience.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She completed her undergraduate degree from Indiana State University with a Bachelor of Science in Life Sciences in 2006. She obtained her second Bachelor of Science in Health Sciences from Butler University in 2010. She went on to fulfill her Masters of Physician Assistant Studies from Butler University in 2011. She is board certified by the National Commission on Certification of Physician Assistants (NCCPA).", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Dr. Karaca is Chief of Plastic Surgery at Huron Valley-Sinai Hospital. He is also Assistant Professor of Surgery at Oakland University William Beaumont Medical School.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Isaacson graduated from University of Southern California School of Medicine in 1970 and has been in practice for 47 years. He currently practices at Cedars Sinai Orthopaedic Center and is affiliated with Cedars-Sinai Medical Center, Children's Hospital Los Angeles and Olympia Medical Center. Dr. Isaacson accepts multiple insurance plans including TRICARE, Aetna and Medicare. In addition to English, Dr. Isaacson's practice supports this language: Spanish.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Her work at HCMC focuses on health disparities, complex internal medicine and graduate medical evaluation. She is also an assistant professor at the University of Minnesota Medical School. Allison earned her bachelor\u2019s degree from Amherst College and medical degree from the University of Minnesota Medical School. She completed her residency in internal medicine at HCMC. Allison resides in Deephaven with her husband and three children; one is a St. David's Center alumnus and two are current St. David's Center students.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " She a professional member of the American Academy of Physician Assistants, Florida Academy of Physician Assistants, Society of Dermatology Physician Assistants, and Florida Society of Dermatology Physician Assistants.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Benedetto del Tronto, Italy. Born on 7th May 1961, he graduated in Medicine at Bologna University in 1988, and obtained his speciality in Vascular Surgery in 1993 at Modena University. Atillio has undoubtedly been instrumental in promotion of foam, ultrasound guided sclerotherapy as a legitimate alternative to surgery in many countries and in particular in Australia and New Zealand.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Ghavami, a fellowship-trained surgeon, is widely known not only as a superb plastic surgery professional, but also as an assistant clinical professor, author and lecturer. In addition to teaching at UCLA School of Medicine, Dr. Ghavami has published numerous scientific articles and textbook chapters, and has been Co-Chair of the Hawaii Plastic Surgery Symposium. In addition, he has served as an invited faculty member for the renowned Dallas Rhinoplasty Symposium, Dallas Cosmetic Surgery Symposium and other national and international plastic surgery conferences.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Soul\u00e9 also provides care at Bozeman Health Urgent Care. She received her Master of Science as a physician assistant at the University of New England. Soul\u00e9 worked in urgent care and women\u2019s health at clinics and hospitals in Maine, Pennsylvania and Massachusetts before moving to Bozeman. She is certified as a physician assistant.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Over his decades of practice, Dr. DeMars has served thousands of satisfied patients. His practice offers several procedures, including facelifts, rhinoplasty, laser skin resurfacing, breast implants and more.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He specializes in sports medicine, meniscus surgery, ACL surgery, and shoulder surgery. He spent eight years as Assistant Team Physician for the New York Giants, and he now serves as the Head Team Physician for all Division 1A College sports at St. Peter\u2019s University. Dr. Wickiewicz has published over 100 scientific papers on his extensive research on knee and shoulder surgery and given more than 200 invited presentations.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Timothy Lee practices at The Brain & Spine Clinic in Tanglin, Singapore. He completed MBBS from The University Of Melbourne, Australia in 1981,FRCS - General Surgery from Royal College Of Surgeon Of Edinburgh, Uk in 1987 and FRCS - Neurosurgery from Royal College Of Surgeon Of Edinburgh, Uk in 1990.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He has a distinguished academic background, and trained alongside world-renowned facial plastic surgeons. Dr. Greene brings his exceptional technical skills, aesthetic vision, warm personality, and professionalism to South Florida's Fort Lauderdale.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " To better understand his patient\u2019s needs, he seeks to grasp their mental framework. His venues include cosmetic breast surgery, facial cosmetic surgery, body contouring/liposuction, and rhinoplasty.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He's not just a doctor: he's an active medical research scientist with an impressive resume. He's also the founder of \"Think First,\" a program that attempts to help prevent of concussions and spinal injuries by promoting the use of safe practices and proper equipment.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He received his medical degree from Rutgers Robert Wood Johnson Medical School and has been in practice for more than 20 years. Dr. Chertoff accepts several types of health insurance, listed below. He is one of 5 doctors at Baystate Noble Hospital and one of 8 at Baystate Wing Hospital who specialize in Orthopedic Surgery.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He received his medical degree from Rutgers Robert Wood Johnson Medical School and has been in practice for 19 years. Dr. Patel accepts several types of health insurance, listed below. He is one of 49 doctors at NYU Langone Medical Center who specialize in Surgery.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He has authored over 11 books along with DVDs on healthy eating and living. Brownstein is at the center of the iodine debate. He believes that iodine deficiency is an epidemic in America and is responsible for weight gain, disease and even cancers. He also rails against eating processed salts and sugars. He has a 3.0 rating from patients on Vitals.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " His vast knowledge and experience in his field, as well as the superior quality of his work, has endeared him to patients and fellow plastic surgeons alike. He has a long and impressive list of very satisfied patients from all spheres of life including those in the film and television industry, fashion industry, as well as sports figures, business executives, and medical professionals. Dr. Corbin is certified by the American Board of Plastic Surgery, and at the time he received his Diplomate, he scored in the top 5 percentile. He has been recognized for his talent and expertise, especially as it relates to breast surgery and this has earned him the moniker \u2018\u201dthe breast expert.\u201d", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Jacquelyn earned her bachelor\u2019s degree from Dominican University in 2010, and her Masters of Science in Health Sciences and Physician\u2019s Assistant Certificate from the University of Maryland in 2016.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He has been interviewed numerous times for his insights on sports-related injurie by outlets like The Los Angeles Times, The Daily News, ESPN Radio, NBC Sports Radio and many others. His weekly live radio show Doctor in the Dugout airs each Saturday at noon on KLAA Angel\u2019s radio. Dr. Beyer graduated from Georgetown University School of Medicine. During his residency at the Hospital for Joint Diseases in New York, he became the Chief Resident of Orthopedics and completed a sports medicine fellowship at the Kerlan-Jobe Orthopedic Clinic in Los Angeles before joining Newport Orthopedic Institute in Newport Beach.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Mr. Attar is an Orthopaedic surgeon based at Whiston hospital in Merseyside. He does private consultations at the Alexandra Hospital in Manchester, at 52 Alderley road in Wimslow and at the Spire Cheshire Hospital in...", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " His specific clinical interests include benign and malignant bone tumors in adults and children, benign and malignant soft tissue tumors in adults and children, limb preservation/salvage surgery for bone and soft tissue tumors, and complex orthopaedic trauma.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr Gohil's key surgical interests are in sports injuries of both the knee and shoulder including knee ligament and cartilage surgery and joint replacement of both knee and shoulder. Dr Gohil was born in the UK and has lived in Kenya, UK and has now settled in Perth. Dr Gohil completed his orthopaedic Training on the WA Training scheme and has completed further training in sports injuries of the knee and shoulder as well as joint replacement surgery of the knee and shoulder.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Young has 25 years of experience and expertise in the health care industry, including working with a third-party administrator as a claim and eligibility processor for San Bernardino county hospital\u2019s medically indigent adult program. She went on to further her education and worked as operations and business manager for a specialty practices and for an ambulatory surgery center. Young has a vast knowledge of medical billing and collections, contracting, accreditation, and personnel and business management. She understands the needs of physicians and their staff, the challenges that face medical practices, and is very passionate about advocating on behalf of providers on succeeding in the ever-changing challenges of the healthcare landscape.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Dr. Hasen attended Indiana University for his undergraduate degree, where he graduated as a member of the Phi Beta Kappa honor society. Dr. Hasen continued to excel in his education with his medical degree at Cornell University in New York.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He trained at Tulane University (Orthopedics) and the Medical College of Wisconsin as a foot/ankle fellow under John Gould. He is past president of the Georgia Orthopedic Society. Dr. McCluskey has served with the World Medical Mission as a short term volunteer to Kenya, Malawi, Zimbabwe, Honduras, and Guatemala. He also has participated in disaster relief following the earthquakes in Haiti, Nepal and Ecuador with Samaritans Purse. Medical missions has been a real passion for him and his family over the past 13 years.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He completed a residency at Loma Linda University. He currently practices at Kaiser Permanente Fontana Medical Center and is affiliated with Kaiser Permanente Fontana Medical Center. Dr. Ruan accepts multiple insurance plans including Medicare and Kaiser Permanente. Dr. Ruan also practices at Kaiser Permanente Medical Center in Fontana, CA. In addition to English, Dr. Ruan's practice supports these languages: Spanish and Korean.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Having worked for 7 years to accomplish this goal, she finally has been able to cross this off her bucket list and in this episode she is sharing all about it. Jill...", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " She practices in Anchorage, Alaska and has the professional credentials of M.D.. The NPI Number for Dr. Ileana Radulescu Hawkins is 1588917421 and she holds a License No. 1981 (Alaska).", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " His specialty is the use of less invasive and robotic techniques to perform heart operations in order to reduce recovery time. He has an extensive background in this area based on more than 1000 cases of experience and his own in depth research into the outcomes that can be expected with these innovations vs. the standard, open method. Since his first robotic case a decade ago, Dr. Poston has acquired one of the busiest practices in the country in robotic heart surgery. He is only 1 of around 20 surgeons that have developed sufficient expertise to perform robotic heart surgery safely. As a result, patients that need cardiac surgery have sought him out from all over the country with the universal goal of shortening their recovery times after surgery.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She graduated Magna Cum Laude from the University of Wisconsin-Madison Medical School PA program and was selected as Distinguished Student in the school of Allied Health Professions. Deanna ranks in the top 1% in the nation for physician assistant board certification in dermatology.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He performs plastic surgery procedures, such as primary and secondary rhinoplasty, facelifts, and breast and body contouring. He is a Clinical Assistant Professor at USC where he teaches residents and medical students. A graduate of Vanderbilt University, Calvert studied molecular biology. He then attended Cornell University Medical College in New York, and graduated with his MD in 1994. He completed residency training in general and plastic surgery and participated in a research fellowship at the University of Pittsburgh School of Medicine. A member of many professional medical organizations, Dr. Jay Calvert", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Louis. He did his residency with the Mayo Clinic in NY; experienced an fellowship in Sports Medicine at Washington University in St. Louis. He was Board certified by the American Board of Orthopedic Surgeons in 2012.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Ms. Cheng Wen practices at Natural TCM Clinic in Jurong East, Singapore. She completed Diploma in TCM from Singapore Chinese Physicians' Training College, Singapore in 1997.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He has worked on sequencing and proteomic based techniques in a quest to improve the diagnosis of acute non-traumatic coma at the Kenyan coast. Additionally, he has been involved in protocol optimisation studies for disease proteomics.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Frauens graduated from Temple University Lewis Katz School of Medicine in 1977 and has been in practice for 40 years. He completed a residency at University of Virginia Health System. Dr. Frauens accepts multiple insurance plans including Medicare and Medicaid. In addition to English, Dr. Frauens's practice supports this language: Tagalog.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Together with Professor Pierre Pollak, he developed a new treatment for Parkinson's disease, deep brain stimulation. His work received recognition in 2014 with the Lasker Award[6] and in 2016 with the European Inventor Award.[7]", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He completed his medical school from the Northwestern University Medical School. He also prefers to do the procedures of skin without Surgery which includes Chemical Peel, Injectable Fillers etc. For his post-medical school training, he joined Baylor College of Medicines as a Resident of Plastic Surgery. He also worked on General Surgery Procedures at the University of Illinois. His certification by the American Board of Plastic Surgery fulfill all the requirements to be a Plastic Surgeon. Dr. Jansen is also the member of American Society of Plastic Surgeons.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Originally from Orlando, Dr. Pappas underwent medical school and General Surgery residency at the University of Miami/Jackson Memorial Hospital in Miami and completed fellowship in Surgical Critical Care and Trauma at Orlando Regional Medical Center. He is board certified in General Surgery and Surgical Critical Care and has an active interest in research, education and injury prevention.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She was granted a Bachelor of Health Science and a Master of Oriental Medicine from Atlantic Institute of Oriental Medicine in Fort Lauderdale, Florida.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Rowland. She grew up in Colorado and went to college at Metro State University in Denver. After completing her undergraduate degree, she went on to Philadelphia University to become a physician assistant. Throughout her training she was interested in working in an orthopedic setting. When she is not working, Lynda enjoys skiing, hiking and biking.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " She holds a Bachelor\u2019s Degree from UNC-Greensboro and Master\u2019s Degree from Wake Forest Medical School, where she focused on Physician Assistant Studies. She is a member of the American Academy of Physician Assistants, as well as the Society of Dermatology of Physician Assistants. It is Suzanne\u2019s passion to evaluate, diagnose and treat an array of dermatological conditions.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He is certified by the American Board of Plastic Surgery and is a member of the American Society for Aesthetic Plastic Surgery and the American College of Surgeons. Dr. Aiache is a pioneer in the development of calf and other body implant surgery. He is a founding member and Director of the Aesthetic Surgery Education and Research Foundation. Dr. Aiache has also taught courses and presented lectures for audiences in the medical community, including the American Society for Aesthetic Plastic Surgery, on topics such as breast and abdomen surgery, fat transplantation and calf implants.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " At his San Antonio office, Dr. Levine provides a multitude of cosmetic surgical procedures that leave his patients looking younger and feeling revitalized.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " The Neurosurgeon in Mumbai has an experience of 36 years in this field. After completing his basic medical study, Dr. Rajan Shah Neurosurgeon underwent various training to do specialization in the brain, spine, and per...", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Being the member of American Society for Aesthetic Plastic Surgery and The American Society of Plastic Surgeons shows his loyalty. He completed his Medical School from the Universidad Autonoma de Guadalajara. For his post-medical school training, he joined Albert Einstein College of Medicine as a Resident of Plastic Surgery to extract more and more practical as well as theoretical knowledge related to Plastic Surgery. He also worked as a Resident of General Surgery at Nassau County Medical Center where he learned the basics of Plastic Surgery. Dr. Hirschfeld has board certification at The American Board of Plastic Surgery which shows the authenticity of a Plastic Surgeon.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He is owner and medical director of Rocky Mountain Laser Aesthetics in the same office. He is board certified by the American Board of Facial Plastic and Reconstructive Surgery, the American Board of Otolaryngology / Head and Neck Surgery and a fellow of both the American Academy of Cosmetic Surgery and the American College of Surgeons. Dr. Raval is a 5280 Top Doc and is known as the \"nose guy\" and \"the filler doc\". His specialties include administration of injectables including Botox, Dysport, dermal fillers, Kybella, microdermabrasion, microlaser resurfacing, facelifts, necklifts, rhinoplasty, blepharoplasty and more.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He received his medical degree from University of Nebraska Medical Center (UNMC) and completed an orthopaedic surgery residency at the Campbell Clinic, University of Tennessee College of Health Sciences. In addition to his role with Nebraska Health Network, Dr. Canedy holds numerous leadership positions in the community, including serving as a board member for Nebraska Medicine, Board Chair for Clarkson College Board of Trustees, President of SimplyWell, and President of Paramount Group.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He is one of the learned doctors who has attained high-quality credentials in education. He is a graduate of London University with a degree in dental surgery. He has spent many years practicing medicine in England. He has also been involved in the management of various reputable institutions. Some of the institutions that he managed include Sussex Healthcare and Ismaili community. He has a high passion for business investment .The has invested largely in the healthcare business.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She persevered for years through many obstacles until she recovered! To learn more about Dr. Aranda, her story and to see how she's using what happened to her to make a real difference for good in the area of women's health, please visit her blog site at www.drmargaretaranda.blogspot.com", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He was born and raised in Toledo, OH and attended the University of Michigan for his undergraduate studies. He received his medical degree and ophthalmology residency training from the University of Cincinnati. He then completed a rigorous three-year fellowship sponsored by\u2026 Read More \u00bb", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " His practice focuses on longevity, the overlap of lifespan and health span. His clinical interests are nutritional biochemistry, exercise physiology, lipidology, endocrinology, and a few other cool things.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " His areas of interest are in endoscopy and in minimally invasive surgery, particularly in laparoscopic surgery for colorectal cancer. Dr Ong also focuses on the management of all other colorectal conditions and surgery for perianal conditions. Dr Ong has performed many colon and rectal surgeries in both laparoscopic and open techniques. He is an accredited console surgeon in robotic-assisted laparoscopic surgery. In addition, Dr Ong also has an interest in the field of trauma surgery, being an accredited instructor in the Advanced Trauma Life Support (ATLS) training program.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " After medical school, she initially trained in General Surgery and medical education but ultimately fell in love with acupuncture. She then attended YoSan University of Traditional Chinese Medicine for several years in Los Angeles and subsequently completed Harvard\u2019s Structural Acupuncture for Physician\u2019s course. She has amalgamated several different styles of acupuncture--Traditional Chinese Medicine, Master Tung's methods, and various Japanese-styles, but has been specifically studying the Japanese style for the last several years. She is on staff at the University of Illinois, Chicago, College of Medicine in the Department of Family Medicine and the Department of Medical Education. Leslie maintains a private practice in Chicago and lectures frequently around the country.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He passed M.S (orthopaedics) from Manipal Academy of Higher Medical Sciences and a Diplomate National Board degree holder in orthopaedics. He did fellowship in Arthroscopy & Sports orthopaedics in Manipal, Germany, Australia and Dallas (USA). He has a particular interest in Knee, Shoulder joint surgery and Cartilage surgery. He is Life member of Indian Arthroscopy Society, Shoulder Society of India, Indian Association of Sports Medicine, Indian Orthopaedic Association, Indo-German Orthopaedic Foundation and International Society of Arthroscopy, Knee surgery and Orthopaedic Sports medicine (ISAKOS). He has published papers at various national & international journals. He is a faculty and active member at various national meetings organised by Indian Arthroscopic Society.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Leaving his thirty-year practice in Phoenix, he moved out to Batesville, Indiana, where he concentrated on writing and enjoying the Midwestern lifestyle. He has traveled extensively throughout Europe laying a solid historical foundation for The Oath (which will be published by Rare Bird Books, A Vireo Book in May, 2018) while delving deeper into the reasons behind the Holocaust. His passions include scuba diving, flying, and exploring new environments. He presently serves as the president of the Batesville school board and is active as a director of the Ivy Tech Community College Foundation.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He completed his Medical School from the Indore University and worked as a fellow of British Association of Plastic Surgery. He also worked as a fellow of Aquascape Liposuction under the guidance of Dr. Klaus Ueberreiter. Dr. Jain is the member of International Society of Aesthetic Plastic Surgery and has hospital affiliations at Saifee Hospital, Breach Candy Hospital and Bhatia & Wockhardt Hospital.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Kressel is well-known for his use of the latest cutting edge techniques used in both surgical and non-surgical procedures. His practice philosophy is to present the 'ideal aesthetic outcome' for all of his patients. Some of the surgical procedures that he provides are Liposuction, Breast Augmentation and Rhytidectomy amongst many others. Non-surgical procedures that he provides include CoolSculpt...", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Joseph has been practicing psychiatry for more than 20 years. He started his career in the medical field as an intern in surgery at Harlem Hospital, which is affiliated with the Columbia University in New York . He completed his residency training in psychiatry at Elmhurst Hospital, which is affiliated with Mount Sinai School of Medicine in New York. Subsequently , he went to Kings County Hospital/Downstate Medical Center of State University of New York, where he did a fellowship in Addiction Medicine.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Colket, Jr. Endowed Chair in Pediatric Surgery and acts as Director of the Center for Fetal Research. He is also Professor of Surgery at the University of Pennsylvania School of Medicine.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She divides her practice between the Foothills Medical Centre and Alberta Children\u2019s Hospital, as well as working as a transport physician for STARS. Her interests include medical simulation education, global health and wellness in emergency medicine.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He operates all kinds of Head & Neck cancers. He is the best ENT surgeon in Gurgaon and a specialist in cochlear implant surgery. Dr. Ravinder Gera did his M.B.B.S. from Maulana Azad Medical College, New Delhi ; M.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She practices in Birmingham, Alabama and has the professional credentials of M.D.. The NPI Number for Erin Swanson is 1407172661 and she holds a License No. MD.34190 (Alabama).", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " His skills and expertise include cancer surgery, gastroesophageal and colorectal surgery, VATS sympathectomy for sweaty palms, hernia repair, gallbladder surgery, appendicectomy, and bariatric surgery. He also performs single port surgery for benign conditions.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Scalia graduated from Autonomous University of Guadalajara Faculty of Medicine in 1976 and has been in practice for 36 years. He completed a residency at Cooper University Hospital.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Salleh Ibrahim practices at Gastro Liver & Surgical Centre in Orchard, Singapore and Gastro Liver & Surgical Centre in Farrer Park, Singapore. He completed MBBS from National University of Singapore, Singapore in 1995,FRCS - General Surgery from Royal College Of Surgeons and FAMS - Fellowship of the Academy Medicine from Academy of Medicine, Singapore. He is a member of Singapore Medical Council. Some of the services provided by the doctor are: Small Intestine Cancer Surgery,Lumps and Bumps Removal,Laparoscopic Cholecystectomy,Hepatopancreatic Biliary Cancer Surgery and Hernia Operations etc.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He specializes in foot and ankle surgery with an emphasis on total ankle replacement, work and sports injuries, arthroscopic techniques, deformity correction, reconstructive surgery and fracture care. He\u2019s also a member of the American Orthopaedic Foot & Ankle Society, which maintains the FootCareMD.org patient-education website.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He is Assistant Professor in the Department of Family and Community Medicine and the Dalla Lana School of Public Health, and lectures at the Centre for Environment, at the University of Toronto. He also works with Health Canada as physician-epidemiologist in the Air Quality Health Index program.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He is a brain cancer survivor who has lectured around the world about the importance of nutrition in the management of cancer and metabolic diseases. Like Dr. Jason Fung, Dr. Fettke was tired of amputating limbs of T2 diabetics when simple nutritional changes could reverse their condition. Continue reading", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She has worked as a HIV physician and TB research physician in Southern Africa and India and studied tropical medicine and international health at the London School of Hygiene and Tropical Medicine. Some of her current work and interests are on innovative service-delivery models of healthcare and digital health solutions in low-income countries.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He was appointed in 2000 to Charing Cross Hospital and now also supports all other hospitals in the Trust. Simon specialises in cancer reconstruction, particularly for Head & Neck, Breast and Skin cancer and more recently has developed an interest in managing complex abdominal wall hernias.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Palmer graduated from Barry University School of Podiatric Medicine in Miami Shores, and completed a three-year surgical residency at Westside Regional Medical Center in Plantation, Florida. Dr. Palmer offers his patients diagnosis and treatment of any foot and ankle condition, deformity or traumatic injury. He is a member of the American College of Foot and Ankle Surgeons, the American Podiatric Medical Association, and the Florida Podiatric Medical Association. He serves as an attending podiatric surgeon at the Bethesda Memorial Hospital Podiatric Residency.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Krisha received a Bachelor of Arts in Biopsychology from DePauw University before receiving her Bachelor of Medical Science in Physician Assistant Studies, cum laude, from Midwestern University. She was on the Dean\u2019s List at both schools.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Previously he worked with the Dept. of Cardiovascular Surgery and Transplantation at DeBakey Heart and Vascular Center at the Houston Methodist Hospital, where he developed the current surgical and perfusion techniques for thoracic organ procurement and preservation. He was also an attending surgeon at the Department of Cardiopulmonary Transplantation at the Texas Heart Institute in Houston, Texas. Dr. La Francesca holds UNOS certifications as heart transplant surgeon and lung transplant surgeon and is a certified surgeon for the use of the HeartMate and the Jarvik 2000 left ventricular assist devices.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He was hired as a private contractor as the chief of neurosurgery at Landstuhl Regional Medical Center where he oversaw the treatment for thousands of U.S. military casualties from Iraq and Afghanistan. Dr. Bolles was the surgeon who repaired the broken back of Army Pfc. Jessica\u2026", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " With over 25 years of Orthopaedic experience, he has graduated from Baroda Medical College, and also went on to complete his post graduation from the same institute. He has completed his ATLS (Advanced Trauma & Life Support) from Norwich in the UK and a Spine Fellowship from Nuffield Orthopaedic Hospital, Oxford, UK. He has also trained as a Sr. Spine Fellow at Klinikum Karlbaad, Germany.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He is MD from the Ohio State University and a Resident of Plastic Surgery from the University of Kentucky Medical Center. Certified by the American Board of Plastic Surgery, he is a member of American Society of Plastic Surgeons. Dr. J. Spies has hospital affiliations at Honor Health Hospitals and Banner Desert Medical Center.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He is board-certified by the American Board of Plastic Surgery. He has also been board-certified by the American Board of Facial Plastic and Reconstructive Surgery. He is an innovative doctor who enjoys coming up with solutions for procedures that he sees as having solid room for improvement.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Specializing in neck and low back conditions, Dr. Button utilizes innovative medical techniques in the treatment of his patients. To make an appointment, call his Portland office at (503) 234-9861.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He uses both non-operative interventions as well as surgical reconstruction. He is a national leader in joint replacement surgery. He has been with OrthoIndy and OrthoIndy Hospital since 1999 and started his practice in Indianapolis in 1992.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Mr Ellamushi trained in general surgery in Glasgow and in neurosurgery and spinal surgery in London, at the National Hospital for Neurology and Neurosurgery, St Bartholomew's and The Royal London Hospitals, and Charing Cross Hospital and had International fellowships in neurosurgery in USA, Canada and France. He has been awarded several national and international fellowships in Neurosurgery, Research interests: Mr Ellamushi is involved in active research on the spine and brain. Mr Ellamushi has over 40 Publications and book chapters on various spine and brain conditions", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He has earned the prestigious Patients\u2019 Choice Award for three years in a row and consistently advocates minimally-invasive procedures that provide exemplary results for his patients. To learn more or to schedule a consultation, visit http://jdmd.staging.wpengine.com or call 614-442-7610.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She practices in Apo, Armed Forces Europe and has the professional credentials of DO. The NPI Number for Teodora Andreea Livengood is 1023217221 and she holds a License No. 34.009844 (Ohio).", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Her practice emphasizes integrated preventive health care, focusing on chronic illnesses, allergies, environmental medicine, and acupuncture. She has written and lectured extensively on women's health care and holistic medicine.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He has written eleven books and more than 75 papers in various scientific medical journals in the fields of pathology, immunology allergy, human ecology, nutrition and self-regulation. Dr. Ali is deeply committed to his work in what he calls an emerging new possibility of a molecular medicine, a medicine which seeks to reverse chronic diseases and preserve health with non-pharmacologic molecular protocols of nutrition, allergy and chemical sensitivity, self-regulation and fitness.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Born and raised in Puerto Rico, she moved to New York State after high school to pursue higher education. She earned two Bachelor\u2019s Degrees, in Biology and Spanish Literature, from the University of Rochester, New York.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He graduated with a Bachelor\u2019s of Science degree from the University of Wisconsin\u2013La Crosse in 1994. In 1998 he received his medical degree from Des Moines University in Des Moines, Iowa. He went on in 2001 to complete his residency in podiatric surgery at Yale\u2014New Haven Hospital in New Haven, Conn., and VA Connecticut Healthcare System in West Haven, Conn. He specializes in Foot and Ankle Surgery and has a special interest and qualification in Diabetic foot care.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He becomes interested in complications relating to surgery, and how to reduce them. What follows in the book is his journey. A journey that culminates in being asked by the World Health Organisation to lead a project on a global scale to look at these issues.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He specializes in Advanced Laparoscopic Surgery, which includes robotics, single-incision laparoscopic, and bariatric surgery. He is also the editor of Surgery During Natural Disasters, Combat, Terrorist Attacks, and Crisis Situations (2016).", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Noreen\u2019s articles have been featured in Women\u2019s Health, Nutrition News, Check Up and Alive Magazine. She also writes about her other interests: travel, books, fitness, nutrition, cooking and green living.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " His main focus is on aesthetic facial surgery, cosmetic breast surgery and body contouring. Most recently Dr. Finical has been a pioneer in the use of the injectable pain medication known as Exparel. He was one of the first to recognize and utilize this new drug in surgeries to help patients recover more quickly while reducing unwanted side effects that can occur with other pain medications.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She grew up in Colorado, and received all of her education here. She studied sports medicine at Colorado State Univeristy and obtained her Master of physician assistant studies at University of Colorado Denver School of Medicine. Her love for athletics and science led her to a career as an orthopedic physician assistant. She is an avid runner,hiker and biker; hobbies that allow her to take advantage of the beautiful Colorado outdoors. She is passionate about helping others maintain an active lifestyle and preventing or treating sports related injuries.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Monica completed her undergraduate studies at Whittier college, graduated with her Master of Physician Assistant Practice at the University of Southern California, and is currently based in San Diego, CA.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He specializes in hip joint replacement and is one of the best in his field. The best part about him is that he doesn\u2019t restrict the knowledge to the confines of his clinic and takes time out to write about bone health on many blogging sites.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He is also an entrepreneur, who runs various kinds of businesses in Toronto and its environs. Dr. Clokie has a vested interest in research and serves as the chief executive officer of Induce Biologics Inc. This company is involved in developing products used for reconstruction of the musculoskeletal organs.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She earned her medical degree and postdoctoral training from the University of Missouri-Columbia, where she also served as chief resident. Currently, Dr. Craig is an internist in St. Louis. She has been in both private and academic practice, most recently at Washington University, St. Louis. Her interests include women's health and wellness, inpatient medicine, and dermatology.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Such tumors are rare and include a wide variety of benign and malignant diseases such as bone sarcomas (such as osteosarcoma, chondrosarcoma, Ewing's sarcoma), soft tissue sarcomas (such as synovial sarcoma, liposarcoma, malignant fibrous histiocytoma), as well as metastatic cancers affecting the extremities. As these diseases can occur at any age, Dr Henshaw routinely treats pediatric and adult patients, having operated on over 2700 tumor patients in his first 18 years of practice in Washington, D.C. Dr. Henshaw sees and treats patients from the entire mid-Atlantic region, along with referred patients from around the country and the world.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He won a Pioneer Award to see if he could use metal implants to target chemotherapy directly to the brain and kill an aggressive type of brain tumour called glioblastoma.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Joseph's Health Care in London. He is also an active conservationist, naturalist, and an award-winning wildlife photographer. In 2015, he was awarded \"World Wildlife Photographer of the Year\"", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " In addition to a general family practice, Dr. Cole has a clinical focus on skin rejuvenation, mental health and concussion. Dr. Cole is passionate about mind-body medicine and spends her spare time writing on the topic as well as instilling mindful practices in her personal life.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Having had over 30 years of experience in excision surgery, Dr. Seckin is able to treat even the most advanced cases of endometriosis. His patients range from those with ovarian endometriomas to instances of severe deep infiltrating endometriosis of the bowels and other organs. Using his trademark ABC technique, he ensures minimally invasive surgery while at the same time providing comprehensive personal care. Dr. Seckin is also a founder and the medical director for the Endometriosis Foundation of America. He has dedicated his life to ensure that women suffering from this little-known disease, receive the care and treatment that they deserve.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Bansal completed his Ophthalmology residency at the Emory Eye Center in Atlanta, Georgia during which time he traveled to Nicaragua to perform eye surgery for the underserved. He them completed a 2-year fellowship in Vitreoretinal Surgery at the Wills Eye Institute in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. Dr. Bansal has authored over 15 peer-reviewed journal articles and book chapters and is a member of the American Society of Retina Specialists. At the Northern California Retina Vitreous Associates, he not only takes care of patients, but also teaches, and actively performs clinical research. In his free time, he enjoys playing tennis and traveling.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " His clientele boasts Hollywood\u2019s most famous faces, and he\u2019s prominently featured on Fox\u2019s The Swan. The celebrity plastic surgeon has now been hit by a malpractice suit. The suit accuses Haworth of drug use and watching porn during surgery. Read all about the lawsuit in Randal Haworth\u2019s wiki.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " As a neuro-oncologist, she cares for patients with brain tumors and neurologic complications of cancer including metastasis. As a scientist, she runs a laboratory-based research program focused on metastasis to the central nervous system (CNS), both leptomeningeal and parenchymal metastases. The laboratory employs multiple complementary approaches to identify and target cancer cell adaptations to the challenging microenvironmental constraints posed by the CNS.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He completed his medical degree from the American University of Beirut, Lebanon, internship at Brigham and Women's Hospital, residency in general surgery at Tufts Medical Center and a fellowship in Trauma, Emergency Surgery and Surgical Critical Care at Mass General. He is board certified in general surgery and surgical critical care. During his residency, Dr. Kaafarani also obtained a Master's in Health Policy and Management at Harvard University and completed a Health Services Research Fellowship at the VA Boston Healthcare System and the Center for Health Quality, Outcomes and Economic Research (CHQOER).", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " For several years, customers have visited his practice from all throughout the Dominican Republic as well as the Usa and nearby countries. He's earned a very positive reputation as a result of his expertness, skills, and excellent results.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Certified by the American Board of Plastic Surgery, Dr. Grover received both his general surgery and plastic surgery training at Stanford University, one of the most prestigious training programs in the country. As a testament to his skill and prestige, Dr. Grover was recently named \"Super Doctor\" by his peers in Los Angeles Magazine. With his many years of specialized training, his commitment to excellence and his aesthetic skills, Dr. Grover is adept at providing superb breast enhancement procedures to help women achieve the shape they desire.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He earned his medical degree summa cum laude from S.U.N.Y. Downstate Medical Center and served as Plastic Surgery Chief Resident at NYU Medical Center's Institute of Reconstructive Plastic Surgery. Dr. Newman is a fellow of the American College of Surgeons and the International College of Surgeon, a member of the American Society of Plastic Surgeons and the American Society for Aesthetic Plastic Surgery, and a diplomat of the National Board of Medical Examiners. In addition, he has been published in numerous professional journals, including The Journal of Aesthetic Dermatology and Cosmetic Surgery, where he has acted as an Editorial Board Member. Dr. Newman is available for interview upon request.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " As part of his dedication to brain cancer patients, Dr. Patil's specialty includes the treatment of benign and malignant brain tumors and pituitary tumors. The procedures he offers range from minimally invasive surgeries to endoscopic surgeries and the treatment of spinal tumors. Dr. Patil's research focuses on brain tumor outcomes, clinical trial design and advancing biostatist...", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Mundel has been an esteemed member of NephCure\u2019s Scientific Advisory Board since 2007, and in 2011, NephCure helped fund his work by providing him with a bridge grant.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " His treatments have helped a number of patients enjoy improved bodies. Based in the Scottsdale area, he continues to be dedicated to the goal of helping patients achieve greater than anticipated results and recover their youthful radiance. As a qualified surgeon, Dr. Malek has received extensive training from the most prestigious schools and programs. He graduated from University of Arizona and completed his residency in General Surgery at University of Missouri in Kansas City. His achievements resulted in a fellowship in Plastic and Reconstructive Surgery at Wake Forest University Bowman Gray School of Medicine.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Comstock graduated from George Washington University School of Medicine & Health Sciences in 1986 and has been in practice for 31 years. He completed a residency at Umass Memorial Healthcare. He currently practices at Duke Gastroenterology of Raleigh and is affiliated with Rex Healthcare. Dr. Comstock accepts multiple insurance plans including Aetna, Medicare and Humana. Dr. Comstock also practices at Duke Raleigh Hospital Anesthesiology in Raleigh, NC. In addition to English, Dr. Comstock's practice supports this language: Spanish.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He is MD from the East Tennessee State University and a Resident of Plastic Surgery from Wake Forest University. Certified by the American Board of Plastic Surgery, Dr. Bharti is the member of American Society of Plastic Surgeons (ASPS) and Fellow American College of Surgeons (FACS).", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She works in collaborative practice with Dr. William Feinstein. Diagnosing and treating upper extremity orthopedic injuries and assisting in surgery are just some of her duties at Orthopedic Associates.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He earned his bachelor of science in community health from Eastern Washington University in Cheney, Washington. Richard also received his master of science in health education from Whitworth University in Spokane, Washington. He later completed the MEDEX Northwest physician assistant program at the University of Washington in Seattle, Washington, in 1975.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " His relationship with fellow doctor, Christine Palmer (Rachel McAdams), is strained due to his superiority and it only get worse as he refuses to accept that his career as a leading neurosurgeon is over. Strange isn\u2019t a likeable character and while he does go on a journey and changes, he\u2019s still not a particularly pleasant guy.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She practices in Anchorage, Alaska and has the professional credentials of M.D.. The NPI Number for Dr. Kelly Ann Lorenz is 1508068636 and she holds a License No. 4301086130 (Michigan).", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He received his medical degree from New York Medical College and has been in practice for more than 20 years. Dr. Delaney accepts several types of health insurance, listed below. He is one of 57 doctors at El Camino Hospital and one of 50 at Good Samaritan Hospital who specialize in Orthopedic Surgery.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Her research focuses broadly on improving health for vulnerable populations. In particular, she is interested in physician experiences with healthcare innovations, including payment models, quality measurement and healthcare delivery models. Prior research has also focused on topics including experiences of immigrant physicians, physician career satisfaction, identifying characteristics of high performing healthcare organizations and engaging physicians in quality improvement and quality measurement initiatives . Dr. Chen received her M.D. from Columbia University.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " In 2005, she obtained her MA in physician assistant studies from the University of Nebraska. She has more than 15 years of clinical experience with all ages and in many different environments. Cynthia has always been committed to public awareness and overall health for herself as well as others. She\u2019s an animal lover and avid traveler.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Dr. Schwartz completed an MA at the Jewish Theological Seminary, an MPH at the Hebrew University of Jerusalem, and Internal Medicine/Primary Care residency at the Brigham and Women\u2019s Hospital. She graduated from Mount Sinai School of Medicine's Humanities in Medicine program, and currently serves on the Committee for the Arts and Humanities at Harvard Medical School.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " She is the founder of Worldwide Healing Hands. She may be reached at 279-8733 or visit http://drspecialtycare.com/ or http://www.worldwidehealinghands.org/.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Martha\u2019s Regional Hospital. Ordinarily there are three surgeons on staff, but since March they\u2019ve been down to two. That means Wasserman and his colleague take turns being on call every other weekend.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He currently practices at Thomas Jefferson University and is affiliated with Thomas Jefferson University Hospital. In addition to English, Dr. Glynn's practice supports these languages: French, German, Vietnamese and Spanish.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He was awarded Mch Neurosurgery from prestigious BHU, Varanasi and worked as senior resident Neurosurgery in Dr RML Hospital & PGIMER, New Delhi. He specialises in Minimal Invasive Brain and Spine Surgery, Skull Base Surgery and Paediatric Neurosurgery . He has more than 2,000 neurological procedures to his credit.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He earned his medical degree from the Georgetown University School of Medicine in 1976, and completed his internship at New York City\u2019s Lenox Hill Hospital in 1977. He completed his residency and fellowship at New York University Medical Center. Dr. Hammerman specializes in shoulder, hip and knee surgery.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She has been referred to as a \u201cHealth Detective,\u201d drawing from a wide range of disciplines, both mainstream and alternative, to diagnose and treat many different types of illnesses, often difficult to identify.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Curriculum relates to research in advances in medical care in the 18th, 19th, 20th and 21st centuries and to analysis of data from EKG and EEG testing. A guided viewing worksheet is also provided.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He is Head of Spinal Services at the Royal Adelaide Hospital and Professor of Spinal Surgery at the University of Adelaide. In 2012, he was appointed Research Director at the Adelaide Centre for Spinal Research and co-director of the Centre for Orthopaedic and Trauma Research, the University of Adelaide. Professor Freeman is the senior clinician responsible for the management of traumatic spinal cord injured patients for central Australia (South Australia and Northern Territory).", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He is MD from the University of California and a Resident of Plastic and General Surgery from Stanford University Medical Center. Certified by the American Board of Plastic Surgery, Dr. McClure is also the member of American Society of Plastic Surgeons.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He is also a visiting professor in the department of clinical and experimental medicine (IKE) and the division of surgery, orthopedics and oncology (KOO) at Link\u00f6ping University in Link\u00f6ping, Sweden. Dr. Andersson's research interests are primary related to appendicitis and the colon, including topics such as protein expression and colorectal cancers, necrotizing enterocolitis, and appendicitis inflammatory colitis.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " To him, the world is very clear-cut and logical. But his strong personality frequently places him at odds with his fellow neurosurgeon, Cha Jae Hwan, who is the son of the hospital director.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He completed his MD research in the Departments of Surgery and Physiology at Queen\u2019s University. He was an honorary lecturer at the University of Aberdeen and and Senior Registrar in Aberdeen Royal Infirmary, training with a close friend and colleague of Prof Hugh Dudley, Mr Norman Matheson. With research interests in complex sepsis and intestinal failure, he has over 50 peer reviewed publications and a book and a book chapter to his name.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He received his medical degree from American University of Beirut Faculty of Medicine and has been in practice for more than 20 years. Dr. Khouri accepts several types of health insurance, listed below. He is one of 69 doctors at Baptist Hospital of Miami and one of 41 at Doctors Hospital who specialize in Plastic Surgery.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Lewis to coordinate excellent orthopedic care. From initial conservative treatment to surgical management and post-operative recovery, Libby is an integral part of Dr. Lewis\u2019 care team. In the clinic, she performs patient exams, orders and interprets diagnostic testing, provides patient education, administers injections, places splints and casts, as well as, prescribes appropriate medication. In the hospital setting, she assists in surgery, performs rounds, and discharges patients to their next phase of care.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He is now based on Sydney's North Shore but his journey was filled with the same hardships shared by those who are forced to flee their homes and seek asylum in a new country.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He offers rhinoplasty, face lifts and breast surgery. Dr. Rohrich offers breast lift surgery and augmentation. He offers a selection of implant materials in various shapes and sizes. Dr. Rohrich assesses each patient differently, finding their needs, proportions and changes they want [\u2026]", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Finstein graduated from Tulane University School of Medicine in 2005 and has been in practice for 12 years. He currently practices at St Charles Parish Hospital and is affiliated with St Charles Parish Hospital. Dr. Finstein accepts multiple insurance plans including Aetna, Blue Cross Blue Shield of Louisiana and Medicare. Dr. Finstein also practices at Pontchartrain Orthopedic and Sports Medicine in Metairie, LA.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Norris graduated from Southern Illinois University School of Medicine in 2003 and has been in practice for 15 years. He currently practices at McLean County Orthopedics and is affiliated with Advocate BroMenn Medical Center. Dr. Norris accepts multiple insurance plans including Aetna, SIHO Insurance Services and Medicare. Dr. Norris also practices at Gibson Area Orthopaedics in Gibson City, IL. In addition to English, Dr. Norris's practice supports this language: Spanish.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She received her Bachelor's degree from the prestigious Rutgers Physician Assistant Program, and her Master's degree from Touro University Nevada. Pecache currently practices at Sharna Shachar, MD in Southern California.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " She received her specialist training in orthodontics from the University of London, United Kingdom and is registered as an Orthodontist on the Specialist List of the General Dental Council in the United Kingdom. Dr Eide is an Adjunct Clinical Lecturer at the National University of Singapore", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " In the first part of a two part series, he explains why medical estheticians are so important, and how they can help patients at a medical practice like his.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Duffner has been recognized as a Top Doctor in his specialty for the past six years in a row by Castle Connolly Medical Ltd., conductor of a peer-nominated survey as published in Palm Springs Life.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Leaving his thirty year practice in Phoenix, he moved out to Batesville, Indiana, where he concentrates on writing and enjoying the Midwestern lifestyle. He and his family have traveled extensively throughout Europe laying a solid historical foundation for The Oath while delving deeper into the reasons behind the Holocaust. His passions include Scuba diving, flying and exploring new environments. He presently serves as a member of the Batesville School Board and is active as a member of the Ivy Tech Community College Foundation.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Deane specializes in plastic and reconstructive procedures including facial cosmetic surgery, breast augmentation, tummy tucks, and hair restoration. Some of the conditions that he treats include Breast Cancer, Benign Skin Lesions, Lipoma and Intestinal Obstruction.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He treats all conditions of the foot and ankle, including deformity, arthritis, sports injuries, fractures, tendon and ligament disorders, cartilage injuries, flat feet, bunions and neuromuscular disease. In addition, he has advanced training in the latest foot and ankle care, including total ankle replacement, biologic therapy and arthroscopic treatment.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He is a fellow of the American Academy of Orthopaedic Surgeons and a graduate of Georgetown University School of Medicine. He continued with his training in the United States Medical Corps and completed his residency at Brooke Army Medical Center in Fort Sam Houston, Texas. He is a veteran of Desert Shield and Desert Storm. After returning from the Gulf War, Dr. Silver trained orthopedic residents. He also ran a sports medicine clinic and an amputation clinic and supervised podiatrists while serving as an officer in the United States Army. He remains a member of the Society of Military Orthopaedic Surgeons. Dr. Silver sits on the board of the Medical Society of New Jersey. He has been a consultant to the NJSIAA on matters concerning the health and welfare of school-aged athletes. He is the school and team doctor for Millville High School and Cumberland County College.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He is an active member of the Plastic Surgery Research Council and Georgia Society of Plastic Surgeons. He is also a Resident Member of the American Society of Plastic Surgeons. Dedicated to continual research in order to advance plastic and reconstructive surgical technology, Dr. Moyer has published articles in journals like Annals of Plastic Surgery and Plastic and Reconstructive Surgery on topics like tissue rejuvenation, breast implant design and more. Dr. Moyer\u2019s new Northside Forsyth office is located at 1400 Northside Forsyth Drive, Suite 390, Cumming, GA 30041.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Greg Finch worked with world leaders in the department of spine surgery after he gained his FRACS. These years were spent in Germany, UK and USA. Greg Finch is trained in all procedures of spinal surgery but minimally invasive is his main interest in spine surgery.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He has a Master's in Public Health. He has been traveling to Haiti since 2003. He co-founded CHI in 2009 to address the needs of rural Haitians that otherwise had no access to care. He works in the adult and pediatric emergency department. He lives in Coralville, Iowa, with his wife Ginny and four children, Eve, Charlie, Tess, and Penelope (PJ).", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Prior to medical training, he obtained a PhD in Bioengineering from UC Berkeley. He attended medical school at UC San Francisco. He completed orthopedic surgery residency at University of Illinois in Chicago, and obtained fellowship subspecialty training in adult reconstructive surgery at Harvard Medical School/Massachusetts General Hospital in Boston.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He is MD from the Columbia University College of Physicians and Surgeons and a resident of Integrated Program in Plastic and Reconstructive Surgery from Albert Einstein College of Medicine.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " One day an fateful accident stole these abilities from him. Conventional medical procedures and techniques could not restore him back to normal. From Jonathan Pangborn, a paraplegic who mysteriously regained his ability to walk, Strange learned about and sought out the secret shrine of Kamar-Taj in Kathmandu, Nepal. There, an ancient bald female Master known as the Ancient One trained Strange to open his mind to the infinite possibilities of alternate multiverses and harness their limitless energy and power.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She has been in the medical field for a while, but before she started her professional career, she had to go through the entire process of becoming certified in many aspects of the medical industry. One of the ways Yasmin Carina Ryan prepared for a career in medicine was by passing her board certification in Internal Medicine in 2003. She was able to pass the board certification with flying colors, and has enjoyed a successful and rewarding career as a physician ever since.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Her clinical interests include melanoma, and soft tissue sarcomas. Brittany received her Bachelors Degree from the University of Utah and her Masters Degree as a Physician Assistant from LeMoyne College.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Her research focuses on the development of novel immunotherapy trials for the treatment of pediatric leukemia and lymphoma. CAR T-cell immunotherapy has been a groundbreaking treatment for these diseases, and Dr. Annesley is working to improve this therapy even further, with the goal of providing a lasting cure for all children with this disease.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Dr. Goldberg offers the most current and state-of-the-art procedures. He is an active member of the American Society of Plastic Surgeons, the New York Regional Society of Plastic Surgeons, a Fellow of the American College of Surgeons, and he regularly attends conferences on aesthetic and reconstructive surgery to stay current with the medical and technological advances in his field. Dr. Goldberg takes pride in providing the safest and most effective care to help achieve natural-looking and beautiful results for his patients.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She practices in Apo, Armed Forces Europe and has the professional credentials of M.D.. The NPI Number for Dr. Renata Lukezic is 1184729345 and she holds a License No. 036097174 (Illinois).", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Education at North Carolina State University and Duke University School of Medicine. Residency at the Hospital of Special Surgery. Fellowship at American Sports Medicine Institute (ASMI). Dr. Dugas took over his mentor Dr. Jim Andrews practice in Birmingham when Dr. Andrews moved to Pensacola.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Her practice focuses on pediatric and primary care and consultative care for autism spectrum disorder, PANDAS/PANS and various chronic illnesses. Connect at 203-834-2813 and IHealthNow.org.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " She has been part of Timeless Skin Solutions since the opening of their Dublin location in 2005. Allyson\u2019s 12 years of experience, her attention to detail and knowledge base are just a few of the things that go into being an expert medical provider at Timeless.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He is an innovator of improved cosmetic surgical methods and frequently shares his techniques with fellow surgeons at national and international medical meetings. Dr. Langdon has trained under several prominent plastic surgeons over the past 10 years, including Dr. Steven Hopping (Washington, DC), Dr. Ziya Saylan (Germany), and Dr. Nicanor Isse (Burbank, CA).", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Rubinstein offers his patients in the Miami, Fort Lauderdale, and South Florida area an array of treatments to correct sun damage, discoloration, wrinkles and fine lines, including a wide array of chemical peels and skin care products such as Jan Marini Skin Research\u00ae and Obagi\u00ae Medical Products\u00ae.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He enjoys treating a wide range of conditions, including both the acute and chronic results of sports injuries, arthritis, deformities, and trauma in both adults and children. He believes in a personalized approach to each patient, utilizing conservative as well as operative treatment.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She practices in Richmond, Virginia and has the professional credentials of M.D.. The NPI Number for Dr. Karen A Steidle is 1821027434 and she holds a License No. 0101233200 (Virginia).", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He graduated medical school from the David Geffen School of Medicine at UCLA and completed training in eye surgery at the Bascom Palmer Eye Institute, the #1 rated ophthalmology residency program in the country.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " In addition to his clinical work, Dr. Darden has participated in studies comparing artificial disc replacement to anterior cervical discectomy and fusion. The International Society for the Advancement of Spine Surgery has recognized his research. He is also a member of the North American Spine Society and Scoliosis Research Society.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Guenther graduated from University of Michigan Medical School in 1987 and has been in practice for 31 years. He completed a residency at University Hospital. Dr. Guenther also specializes in Surgical Oncology. He currently practices at St Elizabeth Physicians and is affiliated with St Elizabeth Florence. Dr. Guenther accepts multiple insurance plans including Aetna, Medical Mutual of Ohio and Medicare. Dr. Guenther also practices at St Elizabeth Medical Center South Unit Emergency Dept in Edgewood, KY.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He enjoys being on the front lines of patient care, managing diagnostic and therapeutic challenges with a compassionate, integrative approach that stresses close doctor-patient collaboration. He is the author and chief editor of several best-selling medical textbooks and online resources and has extensive expertise in managing a wide range of issues, including the prevention and treatment of cardiovascular disease, diabetes and sports injuries.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " While going over potential cases, he suffers a devastating car crash that crushes both of his hands. Losing his ability to practice medicine crushes his soul and he lashes out at the person who loves him the most, Dr. Catherine Palmer. He is out of money and down on his luck, when his physical therapist tells Dr. Strange about a paraplegic man, Jonathan Pangborn, that gained the ability to walk. Dr. Strange finds Jonathan (whom Dr. Strange turned down to help after his injury), and learns that Jonathan went to Nepal and go help at Kamar-Taj. Dr. Strange is quickly on his way to find his destiny, strength, and purpose. But will he have to sacrifice his oath as a doctor, to save all of humanity? It will take a cosmic astrophysical, mirror shattering, and mind bending trip to find out.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Anil Murarka hones at Blk Super Speciality Hospital in Pusa Road, Delhi and Dr Anil Murarka Clinic in Pitampura, Delhi. He finished MBBS from Pt. Ravishankar University, Raipur in 1985, Master of (Surgery) from Pt. Ravishankar University, Raipur in 1988 and MCh - Plastic Surgery from Punjab University in 1993.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He is licensed to practice in Dubai as a Consultant Plastic Surgeon and is licensed also by the more exclusive Dubai Health Care City, DHCC; he is also licensed in India as a consultant plastic surgeon. He has a wide experience in both the reconstructive and aesthetic aspects of plastic surgery, has treated patients from diverse nationalities and is therefore conversant with a number of different cultural conceptions of beauty.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He completed his Medical School from the State University of New York and joined Washington University as a Resident of Otolaryngology. He also worked as a Resident of Plastic Surgery from Arizona Children\u2019s Hospital and got the privilege to work as a fellow of Microvascular Surgery. Dr. Wolin is also the member of American Society for Aesthetic Plastic Surgery (ASAPS) and American Society of Plastic Surgeons (ASPS). He has hospital affiliations at Honor health Scottsdale.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He is a graduate of Washington University School of Medicine in St. Louis. Dr. Connor completed an orthopedic surgery residency at Howard University Hospital in Washington, and received advanced training in pediatric orthopedic surgery with the completion of a fellowship at duPont Hospital for Children.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He completed his Medical School from the University of Utah. Certified by the American Board of Plastic Surgery, he is a member of American Society for Aesthetic Plastic Surgery (ASAPS) and American Society of Plastic Surgeons (ASPS).", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He has implanted over 30 directional leads and his was one of the world\u2019s first centres to implant and assess directional leads. He has also used intraoperative local field potential recording and other techniques to localise electrodes. Jan Vesper, MD, PhD, is professor of Functional Neurosurgery and Stereotaxy, University Clinic, Head of the Center of Neuromodulation, D\u00fcsseldorf, Germany. He is also president of the German Neuromodulation Society and a member of the German working group for Deep Brain Stimulation. In the 2017, he presented abstracts at the North American Neuromodulation Society annual meeting on the use of segmented DBS leads in Parkinson's disease and dystonia.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " His extensive experience and advanced technical skill, combined with his dedication to personalized care, have afforded Dr. Barton recognition as one of the \u201cBest Doctors in America\u201d, a reference guide of top physicians chosen by their peers.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Anna is helping patients to manage acute and chronic pain associated with musculoskeletal and neurological conditions. She strongly believes in a power of mind-body connection and implements approaches oriented on treatment of the whole patient and not just separate symptoms, concentrating on restoring patients to their highest level of function and improving their quality of life.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Dr. Holdorf uses a combination of clinical nutrition, botanical medicine, homeopathy and craniosacral therapy in her practice. She treats a variety of conditions, both acute and chronic, while trying to heal the body from the inside out.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He practices at CoastalSpine and is a member of the American Association of Neurological Surgeons and Congress of Neurosurgeons. During his career, Dr. Mitchell has authored several articles in professional journals and is involved in ongoing research associated with minimally invasive spine surgery.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Throughout her training she has completed several women\u2019s health electives focusing on menopause, pregnancy, breast health, contraceptive care, and IUD insertions.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " She practices in Anchorage, Alaska and has the professional credentials of DO. The NPI Number for Kim E Madden is 1346200227 and she holds a License No. 5356 (Alaska).", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He has expertized in Mommy Makeover, Breast Augmentation and Breast Implant Revision and follows the strict precautions while on Surgery as he believes in long-term relationships and long-lasting results. He completed his Medical School at the University of Texas. For further knowledge, he joined Baylor College of Medicine as a Resident of Plastic and General Surgery. His certification by the American Board of Plastic Surgery is the token of hard work that he had done to get this certification. He is the member of American Society of Plastic Surgeons and has hospital affiliation at Good Samaritan Hospital.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She earned her Masters of Clinical Medical Science from Barry University. As a type 1 diabetic herself, she feels especially lucky to share her passion through teaching and the treatment of her patients at AMCR. She additionally runs an influential diabetes based social media account on Instagram through which she hopes to spread disease knowledge to diabetics and their caregivers around the globe. Her goal in patient care is to inspire and inform patients regarding their disease so that they may eventually answer their own questions and in doing such, increase their health and independence as diabetics.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He recently delivered a lecture and joined a panel discussion at Plastic Surgery 11, the annual conference of the American Society of Plastic Surgeons (ASPS), which focused on the traditional rhinoplasty procedure, and solutions to the complex secondary rhinoplasty procedure. Dr. Gunter says he always enjoys speaking at plastic surgery conferences, though especially appreciates the chance to participate in one of the premier industry events with one of the most prestigious plastic surgery societies.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Focused on bladder and prostate cancer, his research team studies how the immune system recognizes and modulates cancer growth, invasion, and metastases.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Dr. Bozic graduated from University of California San Francisco School of Medicine in 1994 and has been in practice for 23 years. He currently practices at Medical Park Orthopaedic Clinic and is affiliated with Seton Medical Center Austin. Dr. Bozic accepts multiple insurance plans including Aetna, Medicare and Humana. In addition to English, Dr. Bozic's practice supports this language: Spanish.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He is MD from the Escuela Autonoma de Ciencias Medicas San Jose and a Resident of General Surgery from Nassau University Medical Center. He also got the privilege to work as a fellow of Plastic Surgery at Indianapolis and joined the University of Miami as a fellow of Jackson Memorial Hospital.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " One day she leaves on her lunch break and never returns. Her best friend, Linda, another physician, calls the Police Department to ask for their help in finding her, but Rhonda hasn\u2019t been missing long enough. The media learns about the missing woman and everyone in the city is caught up in the mystery of what happened to a beautiful doctor.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He received his medical degree from University of California at Davis, and completed his Orthopedic Residency at the University of California at San Francisco. Post residency, he worked at UCSF for 4 years as an Associate Professor, with a focus on Orthopedic Trauma and General Orthopedic Care. He is a Bay Area native, born and raised in Lafayette and is proud to provide orthopedic care to the community he calls home.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " As chief of the gynecologic oncology division at City of Hope\u2019s department of surgery, Dr. Wakabayashi and his team are experts in minimally invasive and robotically-assisted surgeries, which can be as effective as traditional surgery but with reduced scarring, pain and recovery time.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He is a specialist in surgery of the foot and ankle, but also treats other common orthopedic disorders. Dr. Kemp is a member of the American Academy of Orthopaedic Surgeons and the American Orthopaedic Foot and Ankle Society.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Zuckerman graduated from Medical College of Georgia at Augusta University in 1978 and has been in practice for 40 years. He completed a residency at University of Washington Medical Center. He currently practices at Seligman Center and is affiliated with NYU Hospital for Joint Diseases. Dr. Zuckerman accepts multiple insurance plans including Aetna, MVP Health Plan and Medicare. Dr. Zuckerman also practices at Manhattan Physicians Group in New York, NY. In addition to English, Dr. Zuckerman's practice supports this language: Spanish.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Sebastian takes on the appearance of a tall, handsome adult with black hair, red eyes, and pale skin. He typically dresses in a butler's outfit, which consists of black trousers, a.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She has been practicing in the Vail Valley for 17 years. To schedule an appointment, please call 970-926-7606 or email wiancek@ healthref.com. Visit www.healthref.com or www.riverwalknaturalhealth.blogspot.com for more information.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He completed his residency in orthopedic surgery at The University of Toledo Medical Center. Dr. Nadaud completed a Foot and Ankle Fellowship at Union Memorial Hospital in Baltimore. His specialties include disorders of the foot and ankle as well as injuries of the lower extremity. When he\u2019s not working or spending time with his wife and the three children at home, Dr. Nadaud enjoys running and cheering on the St. Louis Blues.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Outside of his work life, he has a passion for ceramics and was invited to take part as a contestant on the first series of the hugely popular 'The Great Pottery Throw Down' on BBC2. Since then, James has continued to develop a media profile writing for online platforms, delivering talks and working with various charities. With his passion for animal welfare, veterinary science and an absolute love for dogs - James is currently appearing on the hit new childrens television series 'The Pets Factor', airing on CBBC. James will be returning to the Good Life Experience for the third year in a row, alongside his one eyed labrador called Oliver. Follow James here.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. McGonigal graduated from Ohio State University College of Medicine in 1982 and has been in practice for 36 years. He completed a residency at Wayne State University. Dr. McGonigal also specializes in Surgical Critical Care. He currently practices at Regions Hospital and is affiliated with Regions Hospital. Dr. McGonigal accepts multiple insurance plans including Aetna, Medicare and Cigna. In addition to English, Dr. McGonigal's practice supports these languages: Spanish, Korean, French, Vietnamese, Italian, Arabic, Russian and German.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She received her Bachelor of Medicine and Bachelor of Surgery from the University of Witwatersrand in 1983. Dr Kok has gone from strength to strength having received her Fellowship of College of Medicine of SA, Master of Medicine of University of Witwatersrand, Diploma in Primary Emergency Care from the College of Medicine of SA, Honorary Fellowship of American College of Physicians, as well as Fellowship of American College of Physicians. She also received her Bachelor of Theology in 2009.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He has had 7 years of training in Greece, 6 months Endovascular Fellowship in Belgium awarded with a scholarship by the International Society of Vascular Surgery (ISVS) and 5 years postgraduate training in UK in high Volume University Hospitals (UCLH and Kings College and Cambridge University Hospitals).", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He is also known for spearheading the Human Genome Project, which produced the first complete sequence of human DNA in 2003. In 2006, he published The Language of God: A Scientist Presents Evidence for Belief, which spent fourteen weeks on the New York Times bestseller list. In 2007, he founded The BioLogos Foundation to respond to the many queries he receives about science and faith. Since August 2009, he has served as the director of the National Institutes of Health. His most recent books, all authored prior to his current government position, include The Language of Life: DNA and the Revolution in Personalized Medicine and Belief: Readings on the Reason for Faith.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " She holds a holistic view of health and strives to always treat the root cause of illness instead of treating symptoms. She is passionate about helping patients find their own individual path of healing using primarily natural treatments. She was trained at the oldest naturopathic school in the country, the National College of Natural Medicine in Portland, Oregon. She currently has a family practice in Winona and Albert Lea, Minnesota, and hopes to continue to spread the benefits of naturopathic medicine throughout Southern Minnesota.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He performs plastic and reconstructive surgery on the face and neck. He performs various cosmetic surgery procedures at his practice, including facelift surgery, aesthetic and functional rhinoplasty, endoscopic brow lift, facial implants, eyelid surgery, liposuction of the neck and jowls, and reconstructive surgery to repair facial deformities. Dr. Turk also offers minimally invasive skin treatments, such as BOTOX\u00ae Cosmetic, fillers, radio frequency skin repair and other injectable treatments.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She joined Family Practice Center and began her career as a physician assistant in 2007. Erin currently sees patients in Loysville, PA. </p> <p><strong>Education:</strong></p> <ul> <li>MS &ndash; Physician Assistant Studies, Arcadia University, Glenside, PA</li> <li>BS &ndash; Health Science/Psychology Mi", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " She completed her Bachelors of Science degree in Biology at DePauw University located in Greencastle, Indiana and then earned her Masters of Physician Assistant Studies at Massachusetts College of Pharmacy and Health Sciences in Manchester, New Hampshire. Morgan is a member of the American Academy of Physician Assistants (AAPA), Illinois Academy of Physician Assistants (IAPA), and Physician Assistants for Global Health (PAGH).", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He graduated from Purdue University with a degree in Health Sciences, and a minor in psychology. He holds a Paramedic degree from AS School of Medicine. He graduated from the physician assistant program at Midwestern University.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He completed a residency at Cleveland Clinic Foundation. Dr. Styron accepts multiple insurance plans including Cigna, UnitedHealthcare and First Health (Coventry Health Care). In addition to English, Dr. Styron's practice supports these languages: Polish, Vietnamese, Russian, French, Arabic, Tagalog, German, Spanish, Italian and Korean.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He is Professor of Surgery (Urology) at the Sydney Adventist Hospital Clinical School of the University of Sydney. He is also the Director of Uro-Oncology and Professor of Robotic Cancer Surgery at the Chris O\u2019Brien Lifehouse cancer service in Sydney. @drhwoo", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He specialises in gastrointestinal and hepatobiliary-pancreatic (liver, pancreas, gallbladder and bile duct) conditions and peritoneal malignancy surgery for a rare cancer in the abdominal tissue lining. He is one of the few surgeons in Asia who performs specialised surgery for peritoneal malignancies.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " A graduate of Ripon College and the University of Wisconsin Medical School, Dr. Janssen trained at Saginaw Cooperative Hospital for General Surgery and The George Washington University School of Medicine for Plastic Surgery. He completed his residency in Pediatric Plastic Surgery at the Children\u2019s Hospital National Medical Center in Washington, D.C.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He is board certified in plastic and reconstructive surgery and graduated with a medical degree from Emory University School of Medicine, where he also completed his plastic and reconstructive surgery residencies. He is an active member of the Plastic Surgery Research Council and Georgia Society of Plastic Surgeons. He is also a Resident Member of the American Society of Plastic Surgeons. Dedicated to continual research in order to advance plastic and reconstructive surgical technology, Dr. Moyer has published articles in journals like Annals of Plastic Surgery and Plastic and Reconstructive Surgery on topics like tissue rejuvenation, breast implant design and more.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He is one of the leading experts in joint replacement for inflammatory arthritis and performs more than 500 surgeries a year. His training in engineering and biomechanics has helped him become instrumental in the design of implants for elbows, knees, and hips, including the design of custom implants.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He attended the Seth G. S. Medical College in Mumbai, India, and completed his orthopedic residency at the Lokmanya Tilak Municipal General Hospital in Mumbai. Dr. Thacker has had extensive subspecialty training through pediatric orthopedic fellowships at the National University Hospital in Singapore, Hospital for Joint Diseases/New York University in New York, and duPont Hospital for Children. He also completed a fellowship in musculoskeletal oncology at the Jackson Memorial Hospital/University of Miami.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " A highly-trained dentist in Brooklyn, he does not compromise the gentle touch that each dentist should have. He has received a lot of awards and honors. In his dentist office, he assures each of his clients a pleasant experience.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He received his undergraduate education in Molecular Cell Biology from the University of California Berkley and medical degree from the University of Arkansas School of Medicine. Dr. Park completed a three-year ophthalmology residency at the University of Arkansas.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Ongoing continuing education has been in the areas of chiropractic rehabilitation, nutrition and soft tissue techniques such as craniosacral therapy and myofascial release. Her background includes study in the theories of Applied Kinesiology, Activator Methods, and certification in Gonstead technique. Dr. Liou has been a faculty member at Ashmead College (formerly Seattle Massage School and newly Everest College) where she taught Kinesiology, Anatomy and Physiology. She is currently an adjunct faculty member with Bastyr University's Physical Medicine Department. Learn more at returntohealth.org.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " She has completed her PhD at the age of 25 years from China Medical University. After finished several research of PCOS and the relationship of PCOS and diabetes in her master degree in China Medical University, she is now admitted to Institute of Medicine of Chung Shan Medical University for her MD. PhD program.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " She currently works at Southview Medical Group in Birmingham, Alabama, as an endocrinologist. In 1993, Dr. Prelipcean graduated from Carol Davila Medical School with her degree in medicine. In 2016 and 2017, Dr. Prelipcean was named one of the top doctors in Birmingham by B-Metro Magazine. In her spare time, she enjoys reading, traveling, and spending time with her children.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He specializes in aesthetic/cosmetic plastic surgery of the face, breast, and body. Dr. Loessin\u2019s focus is to provide the highest quality results using the safest and latest techniques available. Among the procedures are: facial rejuvenation, brow lift, blepharoplasty, rhinoplasty, facelift, chin augmentation, neck lift, liposuction, breast augmentation, breast lift and reduction, gynecomastia reduction, abdominoplasty, body lift, thighlift, and hair transplants. Finance options available. READ MORE", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He graduated magna cum laude from Harvard University and completed his medical training and fellowship at the Johns Hopkins University School of Medicine. He is certified by both the American Board of Plastic Surgery and the American Board of Facial Plastic and Reconstructive Surgery.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He has performed more than 4,000 safe, successful outpatient and clinic procedures and has a broad spectrum of experience in patient care within the hospital, clinic, and emergency department settings.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Dr. Tripp graduated from Loyola University Chicago Stritch School of Medicine in 1988 and has been in practice for 30 years. He completed a residency at Thomas Jefferson University Hospital. He currently practices at Matthew Perry Schiralli MD and is affiliated with Rochester General Hospital. Dr. Tripp accepts multiple insurance plans including Aetna, MVP Health Plan and Empire Blue Cross Blue Shield. Dr. Tripp also practices at Genesee Surgical Associates PC in Rochester, NY.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He is known across the word for his input in urologic oncology as well as being the chief of Robotic Surgery. In September this year, he announced that a prostate cancer support group would begin offering its services at Lexon Hospital, Dallas. The primary objective of this group is to feed as many people as possible with information about prostate cancer. Various men who have been recently diagnosed or have been living with the disease will be given the so needed emotional support. The close friends and relatives of the cancer patients will also be given emotional support.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She has been a working as a physician assistant since 1999. Tammi also worked as a paramedic from 1994-2002. Tammi currently works at Family Practice Center in Mt. Pleasant Mills, PA.</p> <p><strong>Education:</strong></p> <p> </p> <ul> <li>BS &ndash; Physician Assistant Studies, Pennsylvania College of Technology, Williamsport, PA</li> <li>Certificate &ndash; Paramedic, Williamsport Hospital Paramedic Training Institute </li> <li>BA &ndash; Biology, Bloomsburg University, Bloomsburg, PA</li> </ul> <p><strong>Certifications: </strong></p> <ul> <li>National Commission on Certification of Physician Assistants (NCCPA)</li> </ul> <p><strong>Professional Affiliations: </strong></p> <p> </p> <ul> <li>Fellow, American Academy of Physician Assistants</li> <li>Fellow, Pennsylvania Society of Physician Assistants</li> </ul>", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He can help patients with gallbladder surgery, breast disease, hernias and other issues. Dr. Arcovedo is committed to helping the underserved and has worked with Doctors Without Borders and other organizations. Outside the office, Dr. Arcovedo enjoys diving, hiking and birdwatching.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She has been on five of the seven continents spending time on medical mission trips taking care of the poorest of the poor. She received her education at Hahnemann University. Karri has worked at Wyoming Behavioral Institute full and part time for many years, rejoining the medical team in 2018 as a full-time provider. Her other interests include horses and hunting.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He received his Bachelors Degree from Harvard University and also went to The John Hopkins University School of Medicine from where he graduated with his medical degree. The doctor has his own practice and is also affiliated with many other hospitals in San Diego. His areas of specializations are in the general surgery and the plastic surgery. He is recognized as one of the best plastic surgeons for his innovations in the sector.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Since 1988 he has led a team of researchers that have exposed thousands of laboratory rats to microwave radiation from various sources. Since the late 1990s they have used mobile telephones as the source of this radiation.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " His first study was sufficient to convince many insurance companies to pick up the tab for his therapies. Although his studies have often been small, there is good evidence that he has helped many people, including Bill Clinton, to deal better with their heart problems.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " When home intruders brutally attack his wife and young daughter, Kersey becomes obsessed with delivering vigilante justice to the perpetrators. As the anonymous slayings grab the media\u2019s attention, the public begins to wonder if the deadly avenger is a guardian angel \u2013 or the Grim Reaper itself.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He is the George and Cynthia Mitchell Distinguished Chair in Neurosciences and directs the Pediatric Surgical Laboratories and Pediatric Program in Regenerative Medicine at the UTHealth Medical School. He also directs the Pediatric Trauma Program at the UTHealth Medical School/Children\u2019s Memorial Herman Hospital in the Texas Medical Center.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Johnson graduated from Emory University School of Medicine in 2012 and has been in practice for 6 years. He currently practices at Rhode Island Hospital and is affiliated with Rhode Island Hospital. Dr. Johnson accepts multiple insurance plans including Harvard Pilgrim, Tufts Health Plan and Cigna. In addition to English, Dr. Johnson's practice supports these languages: Arabic, Tagalog, Polish, Russian, French, Spanish, Italian, Korean and Vietnamese.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Graduated in Medicine and Surgery from the University of Granada, he has a brilliant background, highlighting courses abroad in the distinguished universities of London and Harvard. He is an active member of the Andalusian and Spanish Societies of Neurosurgery, with multiple scientific communications in the congresses of both societies. He has published numerous international studies and articles in sci...", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She began caring for patients in 2013 at Family Practice Center's River Avenue office in&nbsp;Williamsport (Cornerstone).</p> <p><strong>Education:</strong></p> <ul> <li>BS &ndash; Physician Assistant Studies, Pennsylvania College of Technology, Williamsport, PA</li> <li>Physical Therapy Program &ndash; Misericordia University, Dallas, PA</li> </ul> <p><strong>Certification: </strong></p> <ul> <li>National Commission on Certification of Physician Assistants (NCCPA)</li> </ul> <p><strong>Professional Affiliations: </strong></p> <ul> <li>American Academy of Physician Assistants<", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " She obtained her medical degree from Harvard Medical School and completed a residency in internal medicine at Mount Sinai Hospital in New York City. Subsequently, she completed a fellowship in Hematology/Oncology at Tufts MC. During her fellowship, she was a scholar on the Hematology/Oncology T32 training grant and also received an ASCO (American Society of Clinical Oncology) Merit Award in 2013. Dr. Pai also earned a Master of Public Health from Harvard School of Public Health and Doctor of Medical Dentistry from Harvard School of Dental Medicine. Dr. Pai will be attending on both the Oncology and Consult inpatient services and ambulatory clinics with disease specialties and clinical/translational research interests in thoracic cancers and melanoma.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He received his medical degree from University of Florida College of Medicine and has been in practice for more than 20 years. Dr. Duke performs knee replacement in The Villages as well as other orthopedic surgeries. Dr. Duke accepts several types of health insurance. He is one of 15 doctors at Ocala Regional Medical Center who specialize in Orthopedic Surgery.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She has a Bachelor\u2019s degree in Biology from Cal State Channel Islands and her Masters degree in Physician Assistant studies from Western University of Health Sciences. She is trained in Laser Hair Removal, ThermiVa, and the Mona Lisa Touch. Sarah was born and raised in Santa Barbara and is passionate about esthetics and overall women's health.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " She is a Diplomate of the American and European Colleges of Veterinary Surgeons, and has led a number of studies investigating sport horse training, injury and performance. She has published over 100 articles on orthopaedic problems in horses and is invited to lecture worldwide.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He is affiliated 8 different hospitals in Dallas, Texas and the surrounding area and has practiced out of the Dallas Plastic Surgery Institute since 2009. Dr. Sameer Jejurikar, known as Dr. Sam to most of his patients, has been published in journals such as Annals of Plastic Surgery, Microsurgery, and Plastic and Reconstructive Surgery. His main areas of focus are the face, eyes, and nose as well as the body and breast. He helps each patient on an individual level to achieve their goals and keeps them informed every step of the way, even if it\u2019s to say their vision is unobtainable.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He specializes in sports-related injuries and disorders of the knee and shoulder. His clinical expertise includes knee reconstruction, shoulder restoration procedures and shoulder replacement. Dr. DeAngelis evaluates and treats sports-related problems as well as degenerative shoulder conditions.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She practices in Anchorage, Alaska and has the professional credentials of M.D.. The NPI Number for Dr. Courtney Weathersby Bagayoko is 1235472176 and she holds a License No. 124372 (Alaska).", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He has published more than 25 papers in reputed journals and Editor in Chief in Journal of Universal Surgery (imedpub insight medical publishing), International Archives of Medicine, International Journal of Onco Therapy.He is International Organisation Scientific Committee Member at International Medical Society Scientific Committee member and Athens Institute for Education and Research.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She has had experience in Mental Health, Primary Care, Endocrinology, Plastic Surgery, and Bioidentical Hormone replace therapy. Nguyet loves to spend her free time with her Yorkipoo, Tinkerbelle.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He testified that the victim had extremely low blood pressure when he arrived at Vanderbilt. Despite the efforts of the surgical team, Scott Shafer died from blood loss as a result of gunshot wounds to the spleen, pancreas, and intestines.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He received his education at both Johns Hopkins University and Harvard. He is certified by the American Board of Plastic Surgery. He is well known for making implants safer. He continues his research to improve implants and the surgical procedures that he performs.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She was at SLI in November 2016 for a few days to share her vast knowledge with the rural women who were undergoing a training programme on Women's Wellness. Here is an interview with Dr. Amina in the Auroville Radio.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Dr. Bivens graduated from University of Florida College of Medicine in 1981 and has been in practice for 36 years. He completed a residency at New York Medical College. Dr. Bivens accepts multiple insurance plans including Medicare, Cigna and Blue Cross of California. In addition to English, Dr. Bivens's practice supports these languages: Vietnamese and Spanish.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He is a Professor and Vice Chairman of the Department of Plastic Surgery at the University of Texas Southwestern Medical Center at Dallas. He is the Director of the Clinical Center for Cosmetic Laser Treatment and Medical Director for the Department of Plastic Surgery, Outpatient Building, UT Southwestern Medical University at Dallas. His clinical practice is located at the Outpatient Building on the campus of UT Southwestern Medical Center.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He has performed well over 3500 weight loss surgery operations, including laparoscopic gastric banding, gastric sleeve resections and gastric bypass. His expertise in advanced laparoscopic techniques has enabled him to a improve the operation of gastric sleeve resection by completely over-sewing the staple line to reduce leaks and bleeding risks. In 2003, he founded the Institute of Weight Control and developed the 'Circle of Care' Program. The Circle of Care program arose in response to listening to patients needs and experiences, and realising that that they are better able to achieve their goals of weight control and a healthier lifestyle when supported by a team of health professionals, including physician, dietitians, psychologist, physiotherapists.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She was granted a Bachelor of Health Science and a Master of Oriental Medicine from Atlantic Institute of Oriental Medicine in Fort Lauderdale, Florida. She is the co-owner of Integrative Acupuncture, a busy wellness practice where all facets of patient healthcare are provided. She strongly believes in the foundation of Chinese Medicine, which is wellness, and in a new and progressive consciousness to how Americans view their own health.She was also the acupuncturists on staff for seven years at the Sari Asher Center for Integrative Cancer Care in West Palm Beach, where she works with patients who are in all stages of cancer care. At the center, patients receive treatments to try to reduce the severity, intensity and duration of the side effects of traditional cancer therapies and to maintain a stronger immune system and reduce the negative side effects of stress that accompanies a cancer diagnosis.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " His reputation for adhering to safety standards to ensure that his patients are in good hands has earned him the trust of many in the industry. Many plastic surgeons will do whatever their patients ask as long as they are paid more money to do it, but Mark Mofid has decided not to take that route. Instead, he pays close attention to make sure that he only does as much as a patient\u2019s body can handle.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Laurel joined La Clinica in 2015 and has experience working with all ages of patients in community clinics and private practice. She studied to be a physician assistant at Stanford University in California and holds a master\u2019s degree in medical science from Saint Francis University in Loretto, Pennsylvania. She also holds a bachelor\u2019s degree in sociology from Montana State University in Bozeman. A native of San Diego, Laurel has served on the board of directors of OnTrack, a Medford addictions recovery center.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He specialises in the diagnosis and treatment of breast disorders, with an emphasis on minimally invasive diagnostic techniques and early treatment of breast cancer with breast conserving surgery.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " His scientific research focuses upon the brain mechanisms for human speech, movement, and cognition. He co-directs the Center for Neural Engineering & Prostheses at UC Berkeley and UCSF, which brings together engineering, neuroscience, neurology and neurosurgery to develop state-of-the-art biomedical devices to restore function for patients with neurological disabilities.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He practices in Little Rock, Arkansas and has the professional credentials of MD. The NPI Number for S. Tyler Bayles is 1043331010 and he holds a License No. E-5364 (Arkansas).", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " In order to deliver the best possible care and results to his patients, Dr. Williams stays abreast of the latest techniques and technologies by routinely attending continuing education courses and seminars. He is frequently invited to lecture on a variety of topics pertaining to plastic surgery. In addition, Dr. Williams has been featured in numerous print articles and has appeared on a number of TV programs.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He sees patients in Lincolnshire, Libertyville and Crystal Lake, Ill. Dr. Domont is currently accepting new patients \u2013 to learn more about him or to schedule an appointment, click here.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He also serves as a collaborator between the Wake Forest Institute of Regenerative Medicine and the University\u2019s medical center. Dr. Farney will discuss the medical uses for regenerative medicine technologies and the issues that must be dealt with in order to successfully utilize regenerative medicine research and technology in a medical setting.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Ms. Chua Lee Eng practices at HUANENG TRADITIONAL CHINESE MEDICINE & PHYSICIAN in Lavender, Singapore. She is a member of Traditional Chinese Medicine Practitioners Board. Some of the services provided by the her are: Physiotherapy & Sports Injuries,Tummy & Body Slimming,Traditional Therapy,Miscellaneous Diseases and Slip Disc etc.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Dr. Rehmatullah graduated from King Edward Medical College, University of the Punjab in 1974 and has been in practice for 43 years. He completed a residency at Umdnj. He currently practices at Nasimullah Rehmatullah MD and is affiliated with UH Conneaut Medical Center. Dr. Rehmatullah accepts multiple insurance plans including Medicare and Anthem.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He is also a member of the prestigious American Society for Aesthetic Plastic Surgery - the membership of which includes a select group of board certified plastic surgeons specializing in cosmetic plastic surgery.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " For many years, customers have visited his practice from all throughout the Dominican Republic as well as the United States and nearby countries. He's earned a very positive reputation thanks to his expertness, working experience, and excellent results.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She practices in Anchorage, Alaska and has the professional credentials of M.D.. The NPI Number for Dr. Leigh Martinez Wright is 1093951717 and she holds a License No. 7203 (Alaska).", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He is Board-Certified in Plastic Surgery by the Royal College of Physicians and Surgeons of Canada. Dr. Plant is rapidly gaining a reputation for being one of the most meticulous and talented surgeons in the area. Please click on the links below to Read or Write an online review!", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Bullington is rated 2.5 stars out of 5 by her patients. She studied medicine at the University of New Mexico School of Medicine. In addition to English, she speaks Spanish.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Ms. Cheong Kui Heng practices at Nam Hua Acupuncture & Medical Hall (Tampines) in Tampines, Singapore and Nam Hua Medical Hall (Geylang) in Aljunied, Singapore. She completed Diploma in TCM from Singapore Chinese Physicians' Training College, Singapore in 1985. Some of the services provided by the her are: Respiratory Conditions,Cupping Therapy,TuiNa,Emotions & Stress Related Conditions and Men's Health etc.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " A graduate of the St. George\u2019s University School of Medicine, she completed her internal medicine residency at New York Hospital in 1998. She became Board Certified in Internal Medicine in 1999, and joined MetroHealth in 2002.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He has extensive experience utilizing novel surgical methods to maximize tumor removal and minimize surgical complications. He is an expert on the use of preoperative planning and imaging to remove tumors from eloquent areas of the brain. He r... Read More", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " His practice emphasizes the surgical treatment of bone and joint disorders in children and adolescents. While at The Moore Center, this team focuses on surgeries for club feet, congenital hip dislocations, and much more.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. McKinley graduated from Jefferson Medical College at Thomas Jefferson University in 1993 and has been in practice for 25 years. Dr. McKinley also specializes in Thoracic Surgery (Cardiothoracic Vascular). He currently practices at Ghs Umg Division of Thoracic Surgery and is affiliated with Greenville Memorial Medical Campus. Dr. McKinley accepts multiple insurance plans including Aetna, BCBS South Carolina and Medicare. Dr. McKinley also practices at Scott William Walters MD in Greenville, SC. In addition to English, Dr. McKinley's practice supports this language: Spanish.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She currently is in her sixth year on the Board of DoctorsNS serving as Chair of the Audit Committee and a member of the Executive Committee. Dr. White strongly believes that physicians need to have input into as many health policy decisions as is reasonably possible to best ensure that patient care is kept at the forefront for decision makers.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " As she began her spiritual path, her clinical practice in medicine began to change, leading her to the field of Complementary Medicine. This includes Healing Energy for people and animals, Life Intuitive sessions and Blessings for Home and Business.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " As a teenager he started playing basketball with a boy who always talked about Jesus \u2013 the Jesus who was Saviour and also God. Steven started to gather more information about Jesus and started perceiving that Jesus actually worked in people\u2019s lives. He wrote\u2026", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He is board-certified by the American Board of Plastic Surgery, the American Board of Facial Plastic and Reconstructive Surgery, and is also fellowship trained in Mohs surgery. He expertly removes skin cancers, and erases the damage. He is trusted by readers. Gig Harbor", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She was impressed to discover in Yellowknife a group of family doctors who had expanded their scope and filled a niche by providing point of care obstetrical ultrasound. She was trained in Yellowknife, supplemented by training at BC Women\u2019s, and now appreciates being able to provide efficient and patient-centered point-of-care obstetrical ultrasound to women in the North.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " She serves on the Board of Directors of the American College for the Advancement of Medicine (ACAM), the leading voice of Integrative Medicine, for four years. She is currently an advisor to their Board of Directors and on the education committee and has served as the program director for their yearly conferences, which train more 1,500 master-level health-care providers. She currently serves on the Scientific Advisory Council for the Organic and Natural Health Association. She received her MD from St. George's University School of Medicine, and completed her three-year internal medicine residency at Albany Medical Center.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Dr. Lewis is a highly skilled plastic surgery with over 15 years of experience providing exceptional service and competitive prices to his patients. At his Richmond practice, Dr. Lewis offers cosmetic surgical, non-surgical, reconstructive, and spa services such as breast augmentation, breast reconstruction, skin cancer reconstruction, tummy tuck, liposuction, facelift, rhinoplasty, Botox, and Juvederm Voluma.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Burton received her Doctor of Podiatric Medicine from Kent State University College of Podiatric Medicine, in Cleveland. She then completed a three-year surgical residency training program at Grant Medical Center in Columbus. She received her Bachelor of Science degree from The Ohio State University. Dr. Burton is a member of the American Podiatric Medical Association, the Ohio Podiatric Medical Association and the American College of Foot and Ankle Surgeons.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He provides care for conditions such as tears of the rotator cuff, labrum, meniscus, and anterior cruciate ligament and posterior cruciate ligament. In most cases, Dr. Newman is able to offer arthroscopy or other minimally invasive procedures, which decrease patient discomfort and speed recovery times. He became a doctor because the profession combined his interest in science and his desire to work with people and help them. Dr. Newman chose orthopedics as a specialty because he enjoys the challenge of working with damaged joints and finding a way to make them [...]", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She offers a variety of in-office treatments, including Botox; lasers for hair removal, tattoo removal, psoriasis and vitiligo; and photodynamic therapy for actinic keratosis. In addition, she has clinical experience performing a variety of chemical peels and was a sub-investigator for a chemical peel clinical trial.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Dr. Newman earned his medical degree at the University of South Florida. He went on to complete his medical residency at Wake Forest University. Dr. Newman specializes in a variety of cosmetic surgeries including facial/brow/eyelid rejuvenation, cosmetic breast procedures (augmentation, reduction, lift), body contouring (abdominoplasty, thigh lift, liposuction, massive weight loss reconstruction), and minimally invasive techniques such as peels, lasers, fillers, Botox\u00ae, implants, and fat injections. Dr. Newman utilizes techniques in breast reconstruction using Tissue Expanders/Implants, TRAM (Transverse Rectus Abdominis Myocutaneous,) and Latissimus flaps. Dr. Newman has additional interests in skin cancer (Melanoma, Squamous Cell, Basal Cell Carcinoma) and often works in conjunction with other physicians to reconstruct soft tissue defects.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Taylor is also a principal investigator at the Arthur and Sonia Labatt Brain Tumour Research Centre, where his laboratory group focuses on the molecular genetics of medulloblastoma and ependymoma, two of the most common malignant paediatric brain tumours.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " One of his most notable achievements was to separate a pair of conjoined twins who were attached at the head. In 2008, Carson was awarded the Presidential Medal of Freedom by President Bush. In 2009 he was portrayed by Cuba Gooding Jr. in a made-for-TV movie called Gifted Hands.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " In addition to his practice in Rancho Cucamonga, California, he serves as Clinical Assistant Professor in the Department of Orthopedics at the Keck/USC School of Medicine in Los Angeles, CA. Dr. Husain is Medical Director of the Ontario Reign professional hockey team (Los Angeles Kings affiliate). He is also an orthopedic consultant for the ATP, USTA ( Professional Mens Tennis Tour), WTA (Professional Womens Tennis Tour), WWE (World Wrestling Entertainment), and has served as a consultant for the Rancho Cucamonga Quakes minor league baseball team, affiliated with the Anaheim Angels. During his career, he has provided medical services for several high school and college level athletic teams as well. He is board certified by the American Board of Orthopedic Surgery.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He also specialises in the Angel Lift, a combination of FX with Vampire Lift and fat grafting. Mr.Kambiz Golchin is one of the most highly respected UK trainers for Allergan regarding Juv\u00e9derm Voluma specialising in facial volumisation.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " In January of 2015, she began the transition from full time medical practice to a position as Vice President of International Programs for Outreach Program, where she had previously volunteered as Medical Director.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Ramin Rak, MD is also active as a medical researcher, and he examines trends in micro-neurosurgical techniques. This research has been published in dozens of professional medical journals dating back to the 1990s. In those years, articles by Ramin Rak, MD appeared in journals as diverse as Ultrasound in Medicine & Biology, the Journal of Neurosurgery, and the Journal of Neurosurgical Sciences. To further illustrate the diversity of topics that Ramin Rak, MD has written about, below are some of his earliest published journal entries:", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " His interest in the specialty came from his own experience as a high school and college athlete. He graduated from Marshall University School of Medicine in Huntington, West Virginia in 1986 and completed his residency at Mount Carmel Medical Center in Columbus, Ohio. In 1992, he completed a sports medicine fellowship at Hughston Orthopaedic Clinic in Columbus, Georgia. He is Board Certified and has held numerous professional appointments, including his current position as Affiliate Instructor for UAHuntsville College of Nursing. Dr. Janssen serves as Director of Research and President of SportsMED Orthopaedic Surgery & Spine Center. He is the team physician for several area high schools as well as a number of local colleges and universities. In addition, Dr. Janssen is a consultant for Wright Medical Technology, Inc.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He offers the full array of autologous breast reconstruction options to his patients, includuing microsurgical flaps such as the DIEP, SIEA, TUG, and GAP flaps, as well as the latest implant based reconstructions using acellular dermal matrix, form stable silicone gel implants and direct-to-implant procedures. Dr. Light also performs lymph node transfers to treat lymphedema of the arms and legs.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She is a graduate from Oklahoma City University and received a Bachelor of Science degree being on the President\u2019s Honor Roll. She is also a graduate from the University of Texas-Pan American, where she graduated as a physician\u2026 Read More", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He has more than 24 years of experience as a facial plastic surgeon. To learn more about rhinoplasty and the various techniques, call 561-228-5888 to schedule a consultation with Dr. Schwartz today.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Peter\u2019s hospital NHS Trust, Chertsey, Surrey. He was trained in the South Thames Deanery with Specialist training in General Surgery. He completed his FRCS from The Royal College of Surgeons, Edinburgh and thereafter pursued research & specialist training followed by an Intercollegiate FRCS (Gen. Surg.) in 2002.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " His book \u201cChecklist manifesto\u201d is about his interest in working with checklists in the hospital environment and his involvement in the creation and test of the WHO checklist. Continue reading \u2192", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He received his Bachelors of Science degree in Neurosciences at the University of Michigan and MD from Wayne State University. Dr. Johnston completed his Orthopaedic internship at the Detroit Medical Center/Wayne State University School of Medicine, residency at the University of North Carolina and spent a year as a fellow at the Rothman Institute at Thomas Jefferson University in Philadelphia, PA sub-specializing in shoulder and elbow surgery.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She practices at the Huntsman Cancer Institute, South Jordan Health Center, and Farmington Health Center. Her clinical interests include prostate, breast, gynecologic and pulmonary malignancies. She is regularly involved with the Huntsman multidisciplinary urology tumor conference and is actively engaged in breast and prostate cancer surveillance and survivorship.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Pete worked at the James Hutton Institute in Aberdeen where he headed the Institute\u2019s Ecological Sciences Group and is now an Emeritus Fellow at the Institute. He has published more than 70 scientific papers and has authored 9 book chapters, most recently in the 2014 edition of Livestock Handling and Transport edited by Temple Grandin. He is a member of the Editorial Board of Applied Animal Behaviour Science and a Diplomate of the European College of Animal Welfare and Behavioural Medicine (Welfare Science, Ethics and Law). For the two years, until April, 2010, he was chair of the Animal Welfare Science Ethics and Law Veterinary Association (AWSELVA) and for 6 years he was a trustee of the Animal Welfare Foundation.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " In addition to hand, elbow, and shoulder care, he provides comprehensive surgical and nonsurgical treatment for all orthopedic conditions of the hip, knee, and ankle, including broken bones and injuries. His patients in Mission Hills and Encino, California, benefit from his expertise and exceptional attention to their orthopedic needs.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He has also worked as a biomedical engineer. He graduated magna cum laude with a bachelor's degree in Electrical Engineering from the University of Maryland in 1980. After working two years as a biomedical engineer, he was admitted to medical school where he earned a doctorate of medicine at the University of Maryland in 1986. He completed his neurosurgery training at SUNY Upstate University Hospital in Syracuse, New York in 1993. He is also fellowship trained in pituitary surgery and epilepsy surgery. Dr. Smith was as an assistant professor of neurological surgery at SUNY Health Sciences Center in Syracuse, New York from 1994 to 1999 specializing in epilepsy and skull base surgery. In 1999 he started a private practice neurosurgery group in Utica, New York. Dr. Smith has received numerous awards and grants and is published in the fields of neuroanatomy, neurophysiology and neurosurgery.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She works with Drs. Zempolich and Rhode to treat women's healthcare needs, particularly when related to gynecological cancers. In this video, Myers discusses the post-operative recovery process after having a hysterectomy.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He is fellowship trained in foot and ankle surgery. Judd\u2019s expertise in complex ankle joint reconstruction and replacement draws patients from throughout the state to Wilcox Medical Center on Kauai.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " After receiving her undergraduate education at The Ohio State University, Dr. Ghosh completed her medical education at the University of Toledo College of Medicine. Dr. Ghosh then completed her residency in internal medicine at the prestigious Cleveland Clinic. Prior to joining Internal Medicine Practice of Northside, she served as an internist with Mecklenberg Medical Group in North Carolina. Dr. Ghosh personalizes care for each patient, and offers a full range of primary care services for adult patients, including acute illness care, chronic disease management and comprehensive preventative care for the early detection and treatment of medical problems before other complications arise. In her free time, she enjoys traveling, trying new cuisines and learning new forms of dance.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Dr Tuffley required a website to showcase his practice\u2019s services and help disseminate helpful information about Temporomandibular Joint (TMJ) treatments and dysfunctions.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " From his offices on Manhattan\u2019s Upper East Side, Dr. Kane performs a wide variety of cutting-edge cosmetic procedures, facial rejuvenation, and injections. Dr. Kane has been in private practice since 1992, and frequently lectures on topics relating to aesthetic plastic surgery.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She obtained her medical degree with honours from the Univeristy of Sydney in 2004, and completed specialist training at Royal North Shore and Concord Hospitals. Her current practice covers a wide range of disorders including obstructive sleep apnoea, obstructive airways disease (COPD, asthma, bronchiectasis), interstitial lung disease and lung cancer. Dr Hullah is trained in bronchoscopy, endobronchial ultrasound and biopsy, basic thoracic ultrasonography and insertion of intercostal catheters. Dr Hullah has additional advanced skills in symptom management. She is a member of the Thoracic Society of Australia and New Zealand as well as the Australian Sleep Association.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He received his undergraduate training from Cornell University where he received his B.A. and graduated magna cum laude in chemistry and with distinction in all subjects. He was granted his M.D. from Cornell Medical College and did both his General Surgery and Plastic & Reconstructive Surgery residences at The New York Hospital - Cornell University Medical Center. He is board-certified in general surgery, plastic surgery and legal medicine and has a teaching appointment at Cornell Medical College.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Brian Bjerke. Together they work together to provide excellent patient care within the clinic and the operating room. Katie believes in treating each patient with the care that she would like a family member to receive. She enjoys listening to her patient\u2019s concerns and educating them on all aspects of their diagnosis so that her patients feel comfortable with their treatment plan.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " She practices in Apo, Armed Forces Europe and has the professional credentials of MD. The NPI Number for Dr. Kristin Nicole Vogt is 1417136177 and she holds a License No. 01065969A (Indiana).", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " She received her MD from Harvard Medical School and completed her residency at Harbor UCLA in Los Angeles, CA. Currently she serves as Director of At-Risk Intervention and Mentoring (AIM), a hospital-based violence intervention program focused on connecting at-risk and gang affected youth with focused mentoring through partnerships with local grassroots organizations, and support services such as mental health, drug addiction, education, job placement and housing relocation.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He joins NOI after relocating to Orange County in December 2014 from Santa Fe, New Mexico, where he partnered with Dr. Zachary Adler to develop a hospital-based acute care orthopaedic service line for Christus St. Vincent Regional Medical Center.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He now works with his father, Lee Gun Myung, who is the head of the cardio-cerebrovascular center at Hyunsung hospital. However, Yeong Oh lacks empathy t", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He earned a Bachelor of Health Science degree from the University of Western Ontario where he majored in Kinesiology and Anatomy. He earned his medical degree at the Boucher Institute of Naturopathic Medicine where he underwent extensive medical training, preparing him to diagnose and treat patients in a holistic manner. He has a great appreciation for the delicate balance between all aspects of the human body, mind, and soul. He combines his understanding of the human body in both health & disease to provide his patients with a professional and integrative approach to optimal health. He strongly believes that a healthy lifestyle is easily attainable and works closely with all of his patients to help them achieve this goal.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Dr. Buell graduated from University of Rochester School of Medicine & Dentistry in 1991 and has been in practice for 27 years. He completed a residency at The University of Chicago Medicine. Dr. Buell also specializes in Transplant Surgery. He currently practices at Tulane GI & Surgery Clinic and is affiliated with Tulane Medical Center and Tulane-Lakeside Hospital. Dr. Buell accepts multiple insurance plans including TRICARE, Aetna and Medicare. In addition to English, Dr. Buell's practice supports this language: Spanish.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " After receiving her Bachelor of Science degree from The College of William and Mary, Katherine attended Eastern Virginia Medical School where she was awarded a Master of Physician Assistant Studies. Katherine is a member of the American Academy of Physician Assistants, the Virginia Association for Physician Assistants and the Society for Dermatology Physician Assistants. Katherine has previously worked in plastic surgery and her professional areas of interest include skin cancer/melanoma prevention and treatment, dermatologic surgery, pediatric dermatology, and cosmetic dermatology.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Dr. Meyers graduated from University of California San Francisco School of Medicine in 1976 and has been in practice for 42 years. He completed a residency at Uc Davis Medical Center. Dr. Meyers also specializes in Hematology & Oncology and Internal Medicine. He currently practices at UC Davis Medical Group Cancer Center and is affiliated with UC Davis Medical Center. Dr. Meyers accepts multiple insurance plans including Aetna, Medicare and PacifiCare (UnitedHealthcare). Dr. Meyers also practices at Rebecca Stein-Wexler MD in Sacramento, CA. In addition to English, Dr. Meyers's practice supports this language: Spanish.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " The piles treatment is done by him at Aum Clinics, Dwarka, with complete dedication and devotion. The nature and the type of treatment given to the patients hinges on...", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She earned her MD from Dartmouth Medical School in 2011. She completed her residency in General Pediatrics and fellowship in Pediatric Critical Care Medicine at the University of Washington. She is undergoing additional training in pediatric trauma research at the Harborview Injury Prevention and Research Center in the Pediatric Injury Research Training Program, and completing her Master of Public Health degree in Epidemiology at the University of Washington. She is a member of the Society of Critical Care Medicine, Pediatric Acute Lung Injury and Sepsis Investigators, and American Thoracic Society. Her scholarly work focuses on organ failure after traumatic injury and long-term outcomes after critical illness.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Dr. Apel graduated from University of Chicago Pritzker School of Medicine in 1983 and has been in practice for 35 years. He completed a residency at Loyola University Medical Center. He currently practices at David M Apel MD and is affiliated with Kaiser Permanente Los Angeles Medical Center. Dr. Apel accepts multiple insurance plans including Medicare, Kaiser Permanente and Medicaid. Dr. Apel also practices at Kaiser Permanente Medical Center in Los Angeles, CA. In addition to English, Dr. Apel's practice supports this language: Spanish.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " For several years, customers have visited his practice from all throughout the Dominican Republic as well as the Usa and nearby countries. He's earned a very positive reputation thanks to his expertness, skills, and excellent results.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Soler graduated from USF Health Morsani College of Medicine in 1992 and has been in practice for 26 years. He currently practices at Soler Plastic & Reconstructive Surgery and is affiliated with Tampa General Hospital. Dr. Soler accepts multiple insurance plans including TRICARE, Aetna and Medicare.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He received his M.D. and Ph.D. degrees from Tongji Medical College of Huazhong University of Science and Technology in Wuhan, China in 1985 and 1992. He then completed his neurosurgery residency at Tongji Hospital, a teaching hospital of Tongji Medical College. Upon the graduation from resident training, he became an attending neurosurgeon at Tongji Hospital.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " His principal areas of clinical interest are the surgical management of Inflammatory Bowel Disease (IBD), colorectal and hereditary cancer syndromes, coloplastic surgery and proctological surgery.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " His clinical expertise includes gallstone disease, anti-reflux surgery, hernia repair and weight loss surgery. He also has an interest in upper GI endoscopy.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " When he gets in an accident and his hands are injured, he feels as if his life is over. His therapist tells him of a guy he knew who couldn\u2019t walk but is now walking again. The therapist tells Strange where he can find the man and he tells Strange he did it with his mind, he went to a place called Kamar-Taj and there he was taught how to use his mind to heal himself. Strange goes there to seek the ones who taught him. He finds them and learns that they use mystic arts and they take Strange in, reluctantly and teach him. Strange learns that a former member is planning something and tries to stop him. But he also learns that his teacher is keeping a secret too.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Downer graduated from Memorial University of Newfoundland Faculty of Medicine in 1995 and has been in practice for 23 years. He completed a residency at Mc Gill University Fac Med Hospital. He currently practices at Seattle Orthopedic Center and is affiliated with Swedish Medical Center First Hill Campus. Dr. Downer accepts multiple insurance plans including Aetna, Regence Health Plans and Medicare. Dr. Downer also practices at Swedish Medical Center Baller Campus in Seattle, WA. In addition to English, Dr. Downer's practice supports this language: Spanish.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " At the beginning of Monster he is favored by the department director for his prodigious surgical skill. After a crisis of conscience, he chooses to save the life of a young boy instead of the city's mayor, and is unjustly demoted as a result; he then becomes suspect for murder when the department director and several prominent doctors are killed weeks later. It is only after nine years that Dr. Tenma learns the perpetrator of the hospital murders is none other than the boy he saved years before, Johan Liebert. Plagued by guilt, he resolves to find Johan and end the life of this \"monster\" he feels responsible for creating. Despite his mission, Dr. Tenma is a humanitarian who genuinely cares about the lives of others. These acts of kindness make him very influential with the people he meets.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He is ranked among the top physicians in the nation and is a member of the Dallas Plastic Surgery Institute. For any plastic surgery need from the basics to major procedures, Dr. Jejurikar is one of the finest physicians in this field.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He joined the Georgetown University to complete his Medical Education. For his post-medical school training, he joined Cleveland Clinic Foundation as a Resident of General Surgery. He also worked as a fellow of Plastic & Reconstructive Surgery at Cleveland Clinic Foundation. His certification by the American Board of Plastic Surgery is the first step to be recognized as a Plastic Surgeon. After it, he is regarded as the member of American Society of Plastic Surgeons (ASPS) and Fellow American College of Surgeons (FACS) which shows the faith of other members of society in him. He has hospital affiliations at Littleton Adventist Hospital.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. O'Mara graduated from Tufts University School of Medicine in 1992 and has been in practice for 25 years. He completed a residency at University of Louisville School of Medicine. He currently practices at Upper Chesapeake Orthopedic Specialty Group and is affiliated with Harford Memorial Hospital. Dr. O'Mara accepts multiple insurance plans including Aetna, Medicare and Humana. Dr. O'Mara also practices at Upper Chesapeake Orthopedic in Havre De Grace, MD.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He provides a fresh perspective on conflict of interest in family medicine and medical education. Dr. Doty has written papers on the influence of Big Pharma and gives workshops for rural preceptors on recognizing, reckoning with, and restructuring institutional marketing biases in their own practices, encouraging them to nurture a \"healthy skepticism\" in their student doctors.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " She uses evidence based, integrative and personalized medicine to help her patients achieve their optimal health while treating a wide variety of conditions, including:", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He graduated from Cairo University School of Medicine in 1971 and specializes in Thoracic and Pediatric Surgery. He is 72 years old and has been practicing medicine for more than 42 years.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " An internationally respected expert in botanical and integrative medicine for women and children, she has spent nearly 30 years as a health care practitioner and advocate for the health and environmental concerns of women and children.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He is a graduate of the University of Chicago and earned his medical degree from the University of Illinois College of Medicine in Chicago. Afterward, Dr. Braithwaite joined the United States Navy to become a flight surgeon. He went on to achieve the rank of Commander as a staff plastic surgeon for Bethesda Naval Medical Center and spent his last several years of active duty as the Chief of Plastic Surgery. Dr. Braithwaite has also worked with the Breast Care Center, the headquarters for breast reconstruction patients in the National Capital Area. He currently serves as Assistant Professor at the Uniformed Services University of the Health Sciences.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " As a naturopath, her philosophy is to use the least invasive and effective method to bring balance to the body and restore health. Her areas of focus include Allergies, Environmental Medicine and Chemical Sensitivities, Homeopathy and Herbal Medicine, Heavy Metal Detoxification, Anti-Aging and Weight Loss.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " His concentration was on surgery, plastic surgery and craniofacial (skull and face) research. He spent part of his education under fellowship at Johns Hopkins University School of Medicine.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He is one of the people who has spent a long time in the industry. For four decades, he has been in the industry looking for ways of making the industry better. Although he recently retired from the industry, his impact is huge. He made contributions in the industry which have great potential of changing the industry. When he joined the industry, he was determined to change the methods which were being used. He was more focused on changing the status quo in the industry by creating new devices and new surgical methods which caused less pain and risk to the patients.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He grew up on Long Island. He did his undergraduate work in biomedical engineering at Harvard University where he was also a four year letter winner and wide receiver for the varsity football team. He received his medical degree from the State University of New York at Stony Brook where he was elected a member of the Alpha Omega Alpha Medical Honor Society signifying graduation within the top 15% of his class.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He has a wide range of experience in all aspects of urological surgery and his scope of practice includes all urological cancers, stone disease, voiding dysfunction, men\u2019s health and female urology.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He is also an Honorary Consultant managing emergency surgical cases at Chelsea and Westminster Hospital and The Royal Brompton Hospital, London. In addition, he is a Senior Lecturer in the Department of Surgery and Cancer, Imperial College London.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He is board certified by the American Board of Orthopaedic Surgeons (ABOS) and a Fellow of the American Academy of Orthopaedic Surgeons (AAOS). He has served as Chairman of the Department of Orthopaedic Surgery at Atlanta Medical Center where he is currently teaching orthopaedic residents.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. David graduated from University of Arkansas for Medical Sciences College of Medicine in 1989 and has been in practice for 29 years. He completed a residency at Brookdale University Hospital & Medical Center. He currently practices at Takoma Surgical Associates and is affiliated with Washington Adventist Hospital. Dr. David accepts multiple insurance plans including Aetna, Medicare and Cigna. Dr. David also practices at First Colony Anesthesia in Takoma Park, MD. In addition to English, Dr. David's practice supports this language: Spanish.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Banister specializes in the diagnosis and treatment of cervical, lumbar and thoracic spine conditions. Dr. William Banister is a board-certified neurosurgeon who has over 15 years of neurosurgical experience. He has successfully performed over 5,000 surgical procedures and is excited to be back practicing...", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " For decades, Dr. Saad Saad has helped thousands of patients including members of the Saudi Royal family. During his practice, Dr. Saad Saad has been able to find better ways to treat his patients through his own medical creations. Several of these creations have received a patent from the United States Patent Office.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Ho now practices at Southwest Washington Neurosurgery and Providence St. Peter Hospital in Olympia, Wash., but he was working at St. Joseph Medical Center when Janet was admitted.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " His mission statement states that patients are provided with the highest care when it comes to cosmetic and reconstructive surgeries. Quality time is spent with the patient before any surgery is performed. It isn\u2019t until the patient and doctor both agree what is best for the overall end results, and then the surgery is performed.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He practices in Fargo, North Dakota and has the professional credentials of MD. The NPI Number for Richard W Blaine is 1942227947 and he holds a License No. 3003 (North Dakota).", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Peter's Health Partners Samaritan Hospital. She is also the Vice President of the Lesbian Health Fund. Founded in 1992, the Lesbian Health Fund has awarded more than $860,000 to fund lesbian health research, and is the only U.S. research fund dedicated solely to the unique health needs of lesbians and other sexual minority women.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He received his medical degree from George Washington University School of Medicine in Washington, D.C. He subsequently completed an orthopedic surgical residency at the University of Miami and two fellowships at Harvard Medical School in Foot and Ankle surgery and Pediatric Orthopedic Surgery. He also completed a Robert Wood Johnson Research Fellowship at Columbia University\u2019s College of Physicians and Surgeons in New York City. Dr. San Giovanni is the orthopedic surgeon for the Miami City Ballet. He also serves as a foot and ankle surgical consultant to the Florida Panthers, Tampa Bay Buccaneers, Florida International University and Miami-Dade County Public Schools.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Amos graduated from Morehouse School of Medicine in 1991 and has been in practice for 26 years. He completed a residency at University Hospital. He currently practices at Associates In Surgical Acute Care and is affiliated with Methodist Dallas Medical Center. Dr. Amos accepts multiple insurance plans including Aetna, Medicare and Humana. Dr. Amos also practices at Methodist Dallas Medical Center Neonatology in Dallas, TX. In addition to English, Dr. Amos's practice supports this language: Spanish.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Rod is an expert in crafting that helps his patients to restore youthfulness which has enabled him to be renowned in America among the top surgeons in the field of cosmetic surgery. Rod has developed an understanding of definition to the face and body of humans that allows him to please his clients.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Li Rong practices at Rong Sheng Traditional Physician Center (TCM) in Jurong East, Singapore. She completed Graduate Certificate in TCM from Heilongjiang College/University of TCM in 1983. She is a member of TCMPB. Some of the services provided by the her are: Pediatrics,Massage for Children,Chinese Medicine,Massage and Slimming/Beautiful etc.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He is an Assistant Clinical Professor for the University of Calgary, Department of Surgery and an Assistant Professor in the Department of Surgery Northern Ontario School of Medicine. He has been in independent practice for 12 years after completing a residency in Orthopedic Surgery at the University of Toronto and a Fellowship in Operative Sports Medicine at the University of Western Ontario, Fowler Kennedy Sports Medicine Clinic and a Fellowship in complex knee reconstruction at the University of Toronto. He is a consultant surgeon to the Canadian Alpine Ski Team, The Calgary Flames National Hockey League, The Calgary Stampeders Canadian Football League, Group23 Sports Medicine, and the Workers Compensation Board of Alberta.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Raymatti grew up in a very impoverished family in Guyana but through hard work and a lot of commitment won a scholarship to study medicine in St. Petersburg, Russia. After finishing medical school and fulfilling her commitment to the Government of Guyana, Raymatti headed to St. Lucia for several years to continue her work as an emergency room physician. In 2003, she joined her family, who had left Guyana, in the U.S. She brought Cookie, her beloved dog, with her to the States. Raymatti is currently a hospitalist in Denver.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " In 2009 she graduated Magna Cum Laude from Mount Vernon Nazarene University with a Bachelor of Science degree in Biology. Following this, she obtained a Master of Science degree in Physician Assistant Studies from Marietta College. She has been employed at OAZ since 2011. Berry diagnoses and treats a variety of orthopaedic conditions, manages postoperative care and assists in surgeries.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " She practices in Apo, Armed Forces Americas and has the professional credentials of MD. The NPI Number for Catherine Koontz Rogers is 1174883821 and she holds a License No. 2014-01623 (North Carolina).", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Located in Cedar Rapids, Iowa, Dr. Andrews\u2019 academic and technical achievements are only exceeded by his commitment to patient care. Whether they are seeking reconstructive breast surgery, outpatient injectable treatment, or a full-blown mommy makeover, Dr. Andrews gives his full attention and focus on achieving excellent patient outcomes.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He is double board certified by the American Board of Surgery in surgery and surgical critical care. Dr. Thiessen's expertise includes trauma surgery,surgical critical care, acute care surgery, and general surgery. He is a member of AmericanCollege of Surgeons, American Medical Association,and Surgical Critical Care Medicine. Dr. Thiessen received his medical degree from theUniversity of Iowa. He completed his residency at Dignity Health St. Joseph's Hospital and Medical Center and then completed a fellowship in trauma surgical critical care at the University of California San Francisco, Fresno.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She grew up in Yakima, but decided to leave the valley after high school. Following graduation from Princeton and Penn State, she made the decision to return to her roots. As a physician, Kristin would much rather avoid disease by encouraging people to exercise and eat well; making changes to improve health rather than putting them on medication. She most values her relationships with patients and enjoys getting to know sometimes three and four generations of the same family.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He completed his Masters in general surgery from KEM hospital Mumbai and thereafter completed his formal neurosurgical training from VS hospit......more", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She works with the Colorectal Surgeons to optimize care for patients who are hospitalized after surgery. This includes working with the physicians and inpatient team of nurses, social workers, and care coordinators to ensure appropriate care and seamless transition to home. She educates patients about expectations while in the hospital as well as when they go home.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Dr. Farber was trained in New York by three of the biggest names in plastic surgery \u2013Dr. Sherrell Aston, Dr. Daniel Baker, and Dr. Alan Matarasso. As a native of southern Florida, Dr. Farber is excited to work with patients in Boca Raton and surrounding communities to help them look and feel their absolute best. Dr. Farber uses only the most advanced surgical techniques, and when combined with his unparalleled training and proven techniques, he provides his patients with the utmost excellence in care.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Some of these essays have been bundled in the book \u2018Understanding Palestine\u2019, which is available on Amazon.com. He also is the founder of the website \u2018Musical Intifada\u2019 featuring his songs about the Palestinian cause, on www.docjazz.com.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He holds a Medical Diploma of Aristotle University of Thessaloniki, Greece, and an MBA in Health Services Management from Nottingham Trent University (e-mail:prospo81@yahoo.gr).", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He is a star-gazer, painter, and writer. He is an amalgamation of all kinds of arts and activities. He is a happy go lucky person, who just sees love in everything. From the very tender age, he had an quest to know the truth. He admires and worships Rama Krishna and believes Nannagaru is an avatar of Rama Krishna and worships him in this form. He is a simple person who is an embodiment of love.)", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Member of AANP and AZNMA, and of Naturopaths International. She specializes in women's health, chronic illness, endocrine health, gastrointestinal issues and weight management.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He specialises in both aesthetic and reconstructive surgery. His surgical techniques have a strong Korean influence especially in blepharoplasty, rhinoplasty, facelift and breast augmentation.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He has served on the faculties of both the University of Washington and the University of Tennessee, and in 1992 was recruited by the prestigious Swedish Medical Center to develop a neuroscience institute.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Louis. He is Director of the Center for Innovation in Neuroscience and Technology. His research has focused on neuroprosthetics \u2013 devices linked to the brain that may lead to cures for paralysis, allow patients to move artificial limbs, or restore other neurological functions.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Joseph\u2019s Hospital and Medical Center. Dr. Bodell is board certified in Orthopedics and in Orthopedic Surgery of the Hand. He has received additional certification in Pain Management and Hyperbaric Medicine.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " By performing advanced forms of cosmetic and/or reconstructive breast surgery, Dr. Bohley consistently delivers remarkable yet natural-looking aesthetic results. He recognizes undergoing breast enhancement surgery can be a life-changing decision, which is why he takes the time to get to know his patients and help them select the most appropriate procedures. Please click on the links below to learn more about some of the breast enhancement treatments Dr. Bohley performs more often:", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He is MD from the Pennsylvania State University and a resident of Plastic and Reconstructive Surgery from Eastern Virginia Graduate School of Medicine. He also worked as a fellow of Aesthetic Surgery from Eastern Virginia Graduate School of Medicine. Certified by The American Board of General and Plastic Surgery, he is a member of American Society of Plastic Surgeons.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Matthew Sng practices at Advanced Dental Clinic Jurong West Pte Ltd in Jurong, Singapore. He completed BDS from National University of Singapore, Singapore in 2011. He is a member of College of General Dental Practitioners,Singapore and Singapore Dental Association. Some of the services provided by the doctor are: Scaling / Polishing,Invisible/Clear Braces,Dental Implant Fixing,Veneers / Laminates and Tooth Extraction etc.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She holds undergraduate degrees in Medical Illustration and Medical Assisting and graduated with honors in both programs. Dr. Stansbury was also a long time Chair of the Botanical Medicine Program at the National College of Naturopathic Medicine and remains on the faculty teaching Botanical Medicine.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He does all aspects of operative and nonoperative care. His interests include sports medicine and arthroscopy, arthritis, tendonitis, deformity correction, and trauma. His goal is to help patients improve the quality of their lives through education and appropriate interventions. In his free time, Dr. Crary enjoys hiking, skiing, and traveling with his family.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Phillips graduated from Northwestern University Feinberg School of Medicine in 2008 and has been in practice for 10 years. He completed a residency at Northwestern University. Dr. Phillips accepts multiple insurance plans including Aetna, Harvard Pilgrim and Tufts Health Plan.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Originally from Philadelphia, where he earned his medical degree from Jefferson Medical College, he chose a career in surgery that required years of additional training. Following a residency in general surgery at York Hospital and a fellowship in hand and microsurgery at the Baylor", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She completed her education and training at Acupuncture and Massage College in Miami, FL where she earned a Masters Degree of Oriental Medicine. Her studies included specialized training in Acupuncture, Chinese Herbal Medicine, Moxibustion / Heat Therapy, Cupping Therapy, Asian Body Work, Electro-Acupuncture, Weight Management and Nutritional Therapy. \u200bAfter her three-year internship in the United States, Nicole furthered her education and pursued additional training at the Shu Guang Hospital in Shanghai, China in the departments of Acupuncture, Gynecology, Internal Medicine and Tui Na (Chinese Medical Massage).", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " She practices in Medicine with a specialty in Medical Oncology. Dr. Allegro received her Bachelor of Science with Honours at the University of Toronto, her Medical Degree at McMaster University and completed both her Internal Medicine and Medical Oncology specialties at the University of McMaster. Dr. Allegro is fluent in English and Italian.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Dr. Rhoten takes care of clients as if they are his family, ensuring they receive fast and effective treatment. For more info: https://health.usnews.com/doctors/rex-rhoten-71...", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Mark Mofid has earned his bachelors at Havard University and his medical degree at The John Hopkins School of Medicine. He specializes in plastic and general surgery and practices at his own clinic along with others such as Palomar Medical Center, Scripps Memorial, and Cholula Vista Medical Center.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Fitzgerald graduated from George Washington University School of Medicine & Health Sciences in 1968 and has been in practice for 50 years. He completed a residency at Rhode Island Hospital. He currently practices at South County Orthopaedic & Physical Therapy Inc and is affiliated with South County Hospital. Dr. Fitzgerald accepts multiple insurance plans including Aetna, Tufts Health Plan and Medicare.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " In her spare time, she writes fiction of several genres, including romance, speculative fiction, crime fiction, and children\u2019s stories. Her other stories have been published in various print and online venues, such as First Love, The Digest of Philippine Genre Stories, Philippine Speculative Fiction, Philippines Free Press, Philippines Graphic, and Insignia. Her author website is http://celestinetrinidad.wordpress.com.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " A Stanford University graduate, she attended medical school at the New York College of Osteopathic Medicine. Dr. Nerman is an Adjunct Clinical Instructor at the Touro University College of Osteopathic Medicine in Vallejo, CA. She has been in practice for over three decades, helping patients recover from injury and addressing complex medical conditions. She lectures throughout the U.S. on osteopathic medicine and regularly teaches advanced courses for medical professionals on the treatment of brain injury and trauma.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Currently, Karr leads the new Home Air in Agriculture \u2013 Pediatric Intervention Trial, which seeks to address the problem of indoor air pollution in a low-income agricultural community. Karr also serves as director of the Northwest Pediatric Environmental Health Specialty Unit, based at the University of Washington. In this role, she speaks at clinical sites throughout the Northwest region to help connect research with everyday clinical practice. Read the Catherine Karr Grantee Highlight to learn more about her efforts to bridge environmental health and pediatrics!", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " She practices in Concord, New Hampshire and has the professional credentials of PA-C. The NPI Number for Mrs. Elizabeth Anne Denauw is 1225084387 and she holds a License No. 0228 (New Hampshire).", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Before joining the team at VI ENT, Kelli spent over 5 years at M.D. Anderson Cancer Center in Houston, Texas in the Department of Reconstructive Plastic Surgery, alongside the most well-respected surgeons in their field. She has extensive experience in both the outpatient clinical setting as well as the operating room.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Dr. Kurylo is also trained in non-surgical methods of treatment and reconstructive procedures. He utilizes his skills to identify and execute the best course of treatment, both surgical and non-surgical, to heal his patients and help them recapture their quality of life. Dr. Kurylo strives to answer each of his patient\u2019s questions in a clear and concise manner.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He is MD from the Louisiana State University School of Medicine and a Resident of Head and Neck Surgery from the same University. He also worked as a Resident of Plastic and Reconstructive Surgery at the University of North Carolina. Dr. Stephen Hanemann is the fellow of Aesthetic Surgery and Breast Reconstruction under the guidance of James Grotting. Certified by The American Board of Otolaryngology and American Board of Plastic Surgery. he is a member of American Society for Aesthetic Plastic Surgery (ASAPS), American Society of Plastic Surgeons (ASPS) and Fellow American College of Surgeons (FACS).", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He is in the field of miracles\u2014enhancing the appearance of countless visitors for over 25 years and have performed over 15,000 successful breast enhancement surgeries. This is his specialty; making girls\u2019 dreams become a reality by enhancing their natural beauty.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He serves as team orthopedic physician for the Utah Grizzlies, Riverton High School and Lowland Rugby. He has special interest in less invasive surgical procedures, such as knee and shoulder arthroscopy. He has also been consecutively honored as one of America\u2019s top orthopedists in 2009 and 2010.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Meis graduated from Northwestern University Feinberg School of Medicine in 1979 and has been in practice for 39 years. He completed a residency at Northwestern Memorial Hospital. He currently practices at Complete Orthopedic Care and is affiliated with Advocate Condell Medical Center. Dr. Meis accepts multiple insurance plans including Aetna, SIHO Insurance Services and Medicare. Dr. Meis also practices at Advocate Medical Group in Libertyville, IL.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She is a nationally certified Physician Assistant, and she is also certified in Pediatric Advanced Life Support, Neonatal Resuscitation Program, and Advanced Cardiac Life Support.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Parham Ganchi MD rated 4.8/5 by Plastic Surgeon in Wayne NJ. Steven Lynch feels right at home serving patients from consider a consultation with Dr. Location Greater New York City Area Industry Medical Practice Plastic Eye Surgery Associates specializes exclusively in aesthetic and reconstructive surgery around the face and eyes.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " His expertise includes nonoperative and operative (open and arthroscopic) treatment of shoulder, knee, and ankle disorders. He specializes in joint cartilage restoration/preservation of the knee and ankle and surgery of the meniscus, rotator cuff, and labrum as well as ligament and tendon repair/reconstruction of the knee, shoulder, and ankle.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Iovino graduated from Boston University School of Medicine in 1966 and has been in practice for 52 years. He completed a residency at Boston City Hospital. Dr. Iovino also specializes in Vascular Surgery. He currently practices at Gregory John Lareau MD and is affiliated with South Shore Hospital. Dr. Iovino accepts multiple insurance plans including TRICARE, Aetna and Harvard Pilgrim.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Hubbard graduated with honors from Washington University School of Medicine, one of the top-ranked medical schools in the United States. He later completed residencies in both plastic surgery and otolaryngology. His plastic surgery residency consisted of three years of surgical training at Loyola University Medical Center in Chicago. This culminated with a year of chief residency at Loyola University and Cook County Hospital. Dr. Hubbard then pursued his interest in cosmetic surgery with a year of cosmetic plastic surgery fellowships at Eastern Virginia Medical School and Wexham Park Hospital, just outside London, England.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " As part of a master\u2019s in medical education, she created the Global Health Enhanced Skills training residency in the Department of Family Medicine at the University of Calgary. She is Executive Director and Founder of Global Familymed Foundation, a nonprofit that works with international academic partners to support the training of generalist physicians to practice where they are needed most. As a Social Innovation Wellness Specialist, she looks to create a niche of positive deviance within her work environment at The Alex Community Health Centre. Click here to view her TEDx talk from 2015 after being caught inadvertently in the earthquakes in Nepal.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " His particular interests are respiratory disease in adults and children, emergency medicine and in travel and expedition medicine. He is a keen ski mountaineer and is the only person in the Channel Islands with the UIAA Diploma in Mountain Medicine.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He specializes in the treatment of polycystic ovarian syndrome. Dr. Wilbanks attended Virginia Commonwealth University School of Medicine, where he earned his medical degree and completed residency training in obstetrics and gynecology.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He is a native of Kentucky and completed his MD and PhD degrees at the University of Louisville as part of the combined MD/PhD physician scientist training program. Following completion of his degrees, Steve moved to Southern California to complete his residency in General Pediatric Medicine at the University of California, San Diego Department of Pediatrics, affiliated with Rady Childrens Hospital. Steve then completed his Pediatric Pulmonary Medicine fellowship at Seattle Childrens Hospital and the University of Washington School of Medicine. He is excited to stay on as faculty at Seattle Childrens and to continue helping to provide care for the children of the WWAMI Region with chronic respiratory disease.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Dr. Imran Nawaz practices at IN Surgery Pte Ltd (Parkway East Medical Centre) in Eunos, Singapore,Insurgery Pte Ltd(Mt.Elizabeth) in Novena, Singapore and The Vein Centre Pte Ltd in Novena, Singapore. He completed MBBS from NUS-Singapore in 1982,FRCS - General Surgery from Royal College of Surgeons of Edinburgh (RCSE), U.K in 1987 and FRCS - General Surgery from Royal College of Physicians and Surgeons (RCPS), Glasgow in 1987. Some of the services provided by the doctor are: Hernia Repair Surgery,Varicose Vein Treatment,Laparoscopic Surgery,Colorectal Surgery and Gastroscopy etc.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " After obtaining her undergraduate degree in Speech Pathology and Audiology, she attended the Duke University Medical Center Physician Assistant Program where she obtained her PA degree in 1986. Jane worked in dermatology for 17 years at teaching hospitals before entering private practice dermatology. She has been providing dermatologic care in the Burlington area for 28 years. Jane lives in South Burlington with her husband and their two sons. She enjoys hiking, skiing, boating, and traveling with her family.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Dr. Kohlstadt is a Faculty Associate at Johns Hopkins University Bloomberg School of Public Health and double-board certified in preventive medicine and nutrition. She edited textbooks Food and Nutrients in Disease Management and Advancing Medicine with Food and Nutrients, Second Edition. Dr. Kohlstadt has worked for the CDC, the FDA, the USDA, the Indian Health Service and the Johns Hopkins Weight Management Center, and serves on the review board of Nutrition Journal.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Dr. Zambrano recommends the best operative and non-operative treatment plans for shoulder, elbow and knee conditions. Through pre-operative counseling, healthy lifestyle recommendations and careful post-operative follow-up, he strives to minimize the difficulties faced by his patients. Dr. Zambrano specializes in sports medicine care, joint arthroscopy, adult reconstructive surgery and orthopedic trauma care. He is an orthopedic surgeon which utilizes patient-matched total knee arthroplasty that reduces pain, blood loss and recuperation time.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He is one of the international experts in the field of Anal Fistula, Hemorrhoids and Anal Fissures. He has Invented 5 new operations, 3 new treatment concepts and 2 discoveries which have been published in the top global medical journals. Patients from around 40 countries come for treatment for his surgical expertise. (not for medical tourism which is a cheaper treatment).", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He is certified by the American Board of Plastic Surgery and is an Assistant Clinical Professor of Plastic Surgery at the University of California in Irvine. He offers cosmetic, plastic, and reconstructive procedures for the breast, body, face and skin. Dr. Domanskis has been recognized as a Physician of Excellence in Plastic Surgery from the Orange County Medical Association and Orange Coast Magazine. He has also been listed among America's Top Plastic Surgeons and Best Doctors in America.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She is board certified by the American Board of Family Practice, and is a Fellow of the American Academy of Family Practice. She is the publisher of MedPundit.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " She spent much of her early years actively involved in tennis, volleyball, hiking and cycling, and has retained a lifelong interest in general fitness and an active lifestyle. Previously, she delved into automobile restoration, particularly sixties Mercedes-Benz with the peak experience completion of a 1967 230SL roadster. Now an avid gardener, she currently is trying her hand at rural farming! When the opportunity presents, she enjoys camping with friends, reading, listening to music and creative contemplation aboard her John Deere tractor!", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " She is the author of 9 books and numerous articles in professional journals. She is a compassionate professional committed to educating others in her fields of specialty. She is a nationally recognized expert in two addiction-related fields: addictive sexual disorders and the management of chronic pain with opioids. Aside from her own practice, her professional activities include writing; lecturing at conferences; serving as an expert witness in legal settings; and appearing as a media guest on television and radio.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " She joined Family Practice Center and began her career as a physician assistant in 2007. Erin currently sees patients in Loysville, PA. </p> <p><strong>Education:</strong></p> <ul> <li>MS &ndash; Physician Assistant Stu", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He completed both the Plastic Surgery Residency at Albany Medical College and the Fellowship in Aesthetic Craniofacial Surgery at the Harvard-Massachusetts General Hospital.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He is fellowship trained in adult reconstructive surgery and is an expert in the field of computer-assisted and robotic joint replacement, featuring Makoplasty technology. He performs both hip and knee replacements for the treatment of arthritis. His practice focuses on helping patients return to a more active and healthy lifestyle through rapid recovery programs.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He has been married to his wife Carol for 26 years. He has a 38 year old stepson and 2 daughters, ages 22 and 17. Dan has been the Church Chair on the Leadership Board since 2013. He is currently a Life Group leader. He accepted Jesus Christ as his personal savior in 1981. He was born and raised in Santa Barbara, California.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " In addition to being a trusted authority on plastic surgery who focuses on breast surgery, facelift, and tummy tuck procedures, he also provides hair restoration and a variety of male plastic surgery treatments. No other practice in the area provides treatments this diverse and comprehensive.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She practices in St Petersburg, Florida and has the professional credentials of MD. The NPI Number for Dr. William Armstrong Hunter Jr. is 1285721969 and she holds a License No. ME7066 (Florida).", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He has practiced in Colorado Springs since 2003 and specializes in the treatment of disorders and injuries of the shoulder, knee and elbow. He is board certified by the American Board of Orthopaedic Surgery and earned the Added Certificate of Qualification for Sports Medicine by the ABOS.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He received his medical degree from Harvard Medical School and has been in practice for 21 years. He is one of 5 doctors at Brookhaven Memorial Hospital Medical Center and one of 9 at Southside Hospital who specialize in Neurological Surgery.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Desperate for money to pay his sister's medical bills, he adopts the code name Yong Pal and offers his medical skills to those in need of medical attention but who cannot do so publicly, dealing with gangsters and corrupt plutocrats. It is while making such a house call that Tae Hyeon rescues \"sleeping beauty\" Han Yeo Jin, a chaebol heiress, from a medically induced coma, leading to ......", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He provides services in general orthopedics, joint care, surgical services, and sports medicine. Dr. Wilkes' professional interests include sports medicine and arthroscopic surgery, injuries of the shoulder, elbow, knee, ankle, and foot, osteoarthritis, joint preservation, knee, and shoulder replacement, work-related injuries and trauma.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Zaydon graduated from Autonomous University of Guadalajara Faculty of Medicine in 1977 and has been in practice for 40 years. He completed a residency at University of Louisville School of Medicine. Dr. Zaydon also specializes in Surgery. He currently practices at Joseph J Zaydon MD and is affiliated with The Medical Center Bowling Green. Dr. Zaydon accepts multiple insurance plans including Medicare, Humana and Cigna. In addition to English, Dr. Zaydon's practice supports this language: Spanish.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Ghattas graduated from Texas A&M Health Science Center College of Medicine in 2007 and has been in practice for 11 years. Dr. Ghattas also specializes in Sports Medicine. He currently practices at OrthoAtlanta and is affiliated with Piedmont Fayette Hospital, Piedmont Henry Hospital and Piedmont Newnan Hospital. Dr. Ghattas accepts multiple insurance plans including Aetna, Medicare and Humana. Dr. Ghattas also practices at OrthoAtlanta in Fayetteville, GA.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She earned her bachelor's degree in biology from College of the Ozarks and her master of physician assistant studies degree from Missouri State University.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He has been Chief of Staff at NorthShore University HealthSystem, Skokie Hospital. He also was named best teacher of the year at Rush University Medical Center. He has also been an orthopedic consultant to the Chicago White Sox baseball team, the Chicago Wolves hockey team, and the Chicago Bulls basketball team, with whom he earned two championship rings. Dr. Lewis has been honored to treat numerous world-class athletes from several continents, including All-Star professional basketball and baseball players and Olympic medal winners. Being an avid tennis player, who has successfully competed at the national level in his age group, he understands how important active participation in their chosen activities is to his patients.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He operates all kinds of Head & Neck cancers. Dr. Ravinder Gera is a renowed ENT Specialist in Gurgaon who is expert in handle all the complex ENT surgeries. He is the best ENT Doctor in Gurgaon and a specialist in cochlear implant surgery.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She has an extensive record of scholarly activity, having participated as a principal or co-investigator in numerous original research projects, and has played a leadership role in the medical community through the development and implementation of clinical protocols and guidelines, participation in scientific review committees, and editorial responsibilities for several peer-review medical journals. As a graduate of the California Institute for Integral Studies Psychedelic-Assisted Therapies and Research Certificate Program, Dr. Cajaiba has a passion for understanding the healing impact of the therapeutic use of psychedelics, and is excited to be a founding member of the Board of Directors at Source Research Foundation.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " She has worked in various aspects of medicine including emergency medicine, general surgery and dermatology. She earned a Bachelor\u2019s degree in Dietetics and Food Administration from CSU, Chico, a Masters in Physician Assistant Studies from Samuel Merritt University and graduated with her PA in 2003. Saloni enjoys being outdoors, reading and spending time with family and friends.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Mrs. Catherine Elizabeth Moyer's NPI Number is #1457770315 and has been listed in the NPI registry for 4 years. Mrs. Catherine Elizabeth Moyer's practice location is listed as: 2824 Classen Blvd #110 Norman, OK 73071-4059 and can be reached via phone at (405) 701-7111.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He has practiced plastic surgery at the Dallas Plastic Surgery Institute since 2009. The world-renowned Dr. Sameer Jejurikar was the recipient of the Compassionate Doctor Certification by Patients\u2019 Choice. Jejurikar was quite honored by the award as only 3% of [\u2026]", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He graduated from the National University of Singapore in 1990, and upon completion of basic surgical training, became a Fellow of the Royal College of Surgeons of Edinburgh in 1995. It was during his basic surgical training that he first became exposed to the fascinating specialty of Plastic Surgery, and this prompted him to enter the advanced specialty training program in Plastic Surgery, at the Singapore General Hospital. He was subsequently awarded the Health Manpower Development Programme scholarship to further his training in plastic surgery and the subspecialty of craniomaxillofacial surgery at the University Hospital Basel, Switzerland.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Leppard graduated from Wake Forest School of Medicine in 1976 and has been in practice for 41 years. He completed a residency at New York Presbyterian Hospital. He currently practices at Orthopaedic & Sports Associates of Long Island and is affiliated with Plainview Hospital Northwell Health. Dr. Leppard accepts multiple insurance plans including Aetna, MVP Health Plan and Medicare. Dr. Leppard also practices at Plainville Hospital in Plainview, NY. In addition to English, Dr. Leppard's practice supports these languages: Spanish and Russian.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He completed his Medical School from the University of Pennsylvania and joined Montefiore Medical Center as a Resident of Plastic Surgery. Certified by the American Board of Plastic Surgery, Dr. Kovacs has hospital affiliations at Boca Raton Regional Hospital, Delray Medical Center and West Boca Medical Center.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Bowen graduated from Loma Linda University School of Medicine in 2004 and has been in practice for 14 years. He currently practices at Joseph M Bowen MD PC Dme and is affiliated with Kootenai Health & Medical Center. Dr. Bowen accepts multiple insurance plans including Aetna, Medicare and Altius.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He received further sub-specialty fellowship training with international plastic surgeons in micro-vascular breast reconstruction, cosmetic plastic surgery, and body contouring after bariatric (gastric banding) surgery, significant weight loss or post-pregnancy. Dr Rodger Shortt strives to be the best plastic surgeon and is committed to providing high quality patient care and achieving excellent results. He is considered one of the top plastic surgeons and one of the few plastic surgeons in Canada that has the top rating of five stars in Realself, Rate MD, and Ontario Doctor review.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She received her undergraduate degree in Exercise Science from Samford University in Birmingham, AL. Kelli then attended University of Alabama at Birmingham where she graduated as a Surgical Physician Assistant.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " The website is undergoing a design change so don't worry about making it fit the current design perfectly. The redesigned site will have a sillohuette of a body on the top and the colors are purple (dark and lilac) and a magenta similar to the current site. The logo colors dont need to match.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Her areas of interest include, but are not limited to, advanced laparoscopic techniques for colon and rectal cancer laparoscopic colorectal surgery, pelvic floor disorders, fecal incontinence, inflammatory bowel disease and anorectal disease.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He is a Fellow of the Royal Australasian College of Surgeons and member of the Australian Society of Plastic Surgeons and Australian Society of Aesthetic Plastic Surgeons.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He is MD from the Indiana University School of Medicine and a resident of Lehigh Valley Hospital. He also worked as a fellow of Indiana University School of Medicine. Certified by the American Board of Plastic Surgery, he is a member of American Society of Plastic Surgeons.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " His Orange County plastic surgery practice opened in 1985 and continues to serve the needs of men and women throughout Southern California and beyond.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She practices in Cumberland, Maryland and has the professional credentials of . The NPI Number for Emme Chapman Jackson is 1740487727 and she holds a License No. AS22959041519 (West Virginia).", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He is well known for his leadership in plastic surgery. He runs a clinical practice at University Hospital and the Dallas Plastic Surgery Institute. At the University of Texas Southwestern Medical Center at Dallas he is the founding chairman along with being a professor. He has won many awards as plastic surgeon and is well respected as one of the leading experts in plastic surgery.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He has served on the faculties of the University of Washington and the University of Tennessee, as well as the Swedish Medical Center to develop a neuroscience institute.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She is shown in her office at 2100 Webster St. San Francisco with a local striped bass, a fish high in mercury. Jane Kay is the reporter. KATY RADDATZ / The Chronicle less", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Previously, she served as Director of the UCSF/San Francisco Wraparound Project at San Francisco General Hospital. She is double boarded in General Surgery and Critical Care. Her interests include violence prevention and the development of systems for mass casualty and trauma in the developing world.. Back to top.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " With a straightforward, collaborative approach to treatment, Dr. Schlotzer is motivated to teach people how to prevent illness and injury in a comfortable patient-driven, shared discussion. Her areas of expertise include:", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Dr. Josefino S. Rebancos practices at Dasmari\u00f1as City Medical Center in Dasmarinas City, Cavite,IPM Clinical Laboratory in Bacoor, Cavite and St. Michael Medical Hospital in Bacoor, Cavite. He completed Doctor of Medicine from De La Sallae University College of Medicine in 1992. He is a member of Philippine Medical Association. Some of the services provided by the doctor are: Tuberculosis (TB) Treatment,Joint and Muscle Problems,Type 1 Diabetes Treatment,Gestational Diabetes Management and Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease (COPD) Treatment etc.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " To save life, one must first love it: which is why he spends much of his free time in art - an act of adoration. He specializes in transsynaptic circuit tracing virus technology.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Nordlund sees patients at the Blue Ash, Maineville, and Middletown offices in Ohio and at the Lawrenceburg, Indiana office. He currently serves as the Vice Chairman of the Board of Directors for Cincinnati Eye\u2026 Read More \u00bb", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Jackson Foundation (HJF), in support of the U.S. Military HIV Research Program (MHRP), based at the Armed Forces Research Institute of Medical Sciences (AFRIMS) in Bangkok, Thailand. Dr. Hsu received her medical degree and PhD from the University of New South Wales, Australia. She trained in internal medicine and completed fellowships in Clinical Immunology and Allergy, and Immunopathology at the Sydney South West Area Health Network, Australia. She completed her post-doctoral fellowship on mycobacterial immune reconstitution inflammatory syndrome and immune activation in HIV infection with Dr. Irini Sereti at the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases (NIAID). Her current research areas include sources of HIV persistence and HIV cure strategies.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He practices in Sitka, Alaska and has the professional credentials of MSPT. The NPI Number for Eric Speck is 1598895930 and he holds a License No. 1033 (Alaska).", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He has been helping children for over 10 years on a range of different conditions. He hopes that this book and website will help many children develop a healthy self image and develop the skills it takes to comfortably handle life\u2019s many obstacles.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She is board certified in both general pediatrics and pediatric infectious diseases. Gidengil trained as a resident in pediatrics at Hasbro Children's Hospital and Brown University. She completed further\u2026", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " In the year 2015, he decided to open his own plastic surgery clinic in the city of Bogot\u00e1 and sought Digital CV to help him position his image in the city and to capture a greater number of patients", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She incorporates over 40 years cross-training in Qigong, Taiji and yoga into her practice, and is author of over a dozen DVDs/CDs on self-healing and rejuvenation. Dashi is China-certified in Wisdom (Zhineng) Qigong and Lian Gong, and certified in Supreme Science Qigong and TriYoga\u00ae. She is the Educational Director of the Center for BioTherapeutics in Miami.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " She has a longstanding academic interest in the developing brain and prevention of brain injury in term and preterm infants. She received her Medical Degree from Columbia University in 2005, and subsequently trained in General Pediatrics, Neonatology and Fetal-Transitional Medicine.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He has special interest in Laparoscopic with an experience in over 6000 procedures particularly weight loss surgery (bariatric surgery) as well as a wide range of laparoscopic abdominal operations.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He can help patients with a variety of procedures to treat hernias, hemorrhoids, colon conditions and other issues. He also specializes in robotic and bariatric surgery. Dr. Dickinson welcomes new patients.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She is also Medical Director of the Clinical Decision Unit and clinical instructor at UCSF School of Medicine. Brenda holds a Masters in public health and has a special interest in administration, resource utilization, quality improvement, ED flow, and the patient experience.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " His practice offers a wide range of cosmetic and aesthetic services, surgical and nonsurgical. The office location is convenient and easy to get to from anywhere in the Metroplex. The best part of the practice may be his experienced, compassionate, friendly, welcoming and fun staff.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She has expertise in the diagnosis and management of a large number of rheumatological conditions, including musculoskeletal disorders and systemic immune mediated conditions, such as Osteoarthritis, Fibromyalgia, Gout, Psoriatic Arthritis, Spondylarthritis, Rheumatoid Arthritis, SLE, Systemic Sclerosis, Polymyositis and Vasculitis.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He is among an elite group of dual-trained vascular neurosurgeons able to perform conventional neurosurgery as well as minimally invasive endovascular neurosurgery. Learn more about the Drexel Neurosciences Institute's locations.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He sees patients at the Richard E Jacobs Health Center and the West Valley Medical Building in Fairview Park. He operates at Cleveland Clinic Avon and Fairview hospitals.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " With his extensive training in cosmetic surgery, he brings valuable experience to the operating room and in caring for his patients. Dr. Colque is known for his excellent technical skills and his dedication to his patients. He applies his talent, training, and experience to achieve natural aesthetic enhancements that compliment the beauty within each patient.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Prior to co-founding Cyclops Medtech, he was heading the department of ENT at BGS Global Hospital, Bangalore. He is a KOL in the space and conducts workshops and delivers lectures around the world regularly. He has many publications to his credit. At Cyclops, he takes care of product innovation and development.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He is board certified by the American Board of Surgery and the American Board of Thoracic Surgery. His clinical expertise includes thoracic oncology, cardiothoracic transplantation, mechanical circulatory support, transcatheter aortic valve replacement, and less invasive valvular surgery.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Bellflower graduated from University of Cincinnati College of Medicine in 1992 and has been in practice for 25 years. He completed a residency at University of Texas Health System. He currently practices at Pediatric Orthopedic Surgeons and is affiliated with St Vincent Indianapolis Hospital. Dr. Bellflower accepts multiple insurance plans including Aetna, SIHO Insurance Services and Medicare. In addition to English, Dr. Bellflower's practice supports this language: Spanish.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He practices in Abington, Pennsylvania and has the professional credentials of M.D.. The NPI Number for Kenneth H Einhorn is 1174565923 and he holds a License No. MD043665E (Pennsylvania).", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " After graduating summa cum laude with a Bachelor of Science in microbiology, he achieved his medical degree at Louisiana State University School of Medicine. From there, he underwent complete training in general surgery at the renowned University of Texas Hermann Hospital, before completing his plastic surgery fellowship at the highly competitive Northwestern University.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She attended Touro College School of Heath Sciences, graduating with honors.. With nearly fifteen years of dermatology experience, Rebecca has gained immense skills in both adult and pediatric dermatology. She is also an upstanding member of the Society of Dermatology Physician Assistants. She has five children of her own which adds to her understanding and compassion for children of all ages and parents, alike. In addition to medical dermatology, she is highly skilled in numerous cosmetic procedures, specializing in the treatment of Hyperhidrosis. Rebecca provides specialized, detailed and quality care to all her patients.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He is affiliated with multiple hospitals in the area, including Advocate Christ Medical Center and Alexian Brothers Medical Center. He received his medical degree from Azerbaijan State Medical Institute and has been in practice for 26 years. Dr. Slavin accepts several types of health insurance, listed below. He is one of 5 doctors at Advocate Christ Medical Center and one of 12 at Alexian Brothers Medical Center who specialize in Neurological Surgery.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Stern is a 1989 graduate of the University of Michigan Medical School. He completed his residency in neurological surgery at the University of Michigan, and completed a fellowship in spinal surgery at Jean Dudousset, Hospital St. Vincent de Paul in Paris, France.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " A native of Cleveland, Ohio, he earned a bachelor of science degree from The Ohio State University graduating summa cum laude with distinction for research in human lipid biochemistry. He earned his medical degree from the Wright State University School of Medicine in Dayton, Ohio. From there he returned to Cleveland to serve an internship and residency in orthopedic surgery at the world-renowned Cleveland Clinic Foundation. He stayed at the Cleveland Clinic Foundation for an additional year of fellowship in orthopedic sports medicine and surgery. During his 6 years as a physician at the Cleveland Clinic, he was involved in the care of athletes in all disciplines of sports at all levels including two local high schools and Baldwin-Wallace College. He also served as a physician for the Gravity Games, the Cleveland Browns, the Cleveland Cavaliers, and the Cleveland Indians.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " All Daniel wants to do is ease the pain and suffering this war has caused. Another comrade named Clarence comes to Daniel for help. A young boy in his unit has suffered the loss of a loved one in the war and seems to be taking it very hard. Daniel is drawn to Charlie immediately. He will be shocked when he discovers Charlie\u2019s secret.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Greg Bonnen. Sarah was born and raised in Saint Cloud, Minnesota where she graduated at St. Cloud Technical College as a surgical technologist. She graduated cum laude at Augsburg College in Minnesota with a bachelor's degree majoring in biology. She then decided to further her studies at the New York Institute of Technology and graduated cum laude and received her Master's Degree in Physician Assistant studies.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " An oculoplastic surgeon has dual training in both Ophthalmology and Plastic and Reconstructive Surgery. Oculoplastics specialists combine the microsurgical techniques of ophthalmology with the aesthetic appreciation of plastic surgery.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He is a leader in the region in the use of advanced surgical techniques for joint replacement. As a father, Dr. Hogan understands that each patient is not only a patient, but a mother, sister, father, brother, son, or daughter, and his practice continues to strive for excellence in patient satisfaction. To this end, Dr. Hogan only recommends surgical treatment options when all non-surgical approaches have failed or would have otherwise been unfavorable.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He has worked hard to help surgeons in under-resourced areas of the world to become more proficient at their trade. But they found that the complication rate of comparable surgeries was far worse in these other countries.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He also owns a series of offices, mainly working at his office in San Diego. The M. D. offers a variety of procedures including breast augmentation, fillers, facelifts, liposuction, and the still widely talked about gluteal augmentation.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He has more than 10 years of experience as Faculty and Consultant for neuro sciences. He, graduated from Osmania Medical College, the premier Medical College for the state of Telangana and Andhra Pradesh.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He cares deeply about his patients and feels honored to be able to help so many women and men achieve a more satisfying appearance and enhanced lifestyle through cosmetic and reconstructive plastic surgery procedures.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He says the majority of his patients come from the United Arab Emirates, Iran, Lebanon and Turkey, with men traveling to France to have the surgery performed.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She cares for patients preoperatively and postoperatively and assists in procedures in the electrophysiology lab including cardiac device implantations, cardiac ablations, and electrophysiology studies.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He treats each patient as a whole, focusing not only on physical health but on mental and emotional wellbeing. He completed medical school in 1996 at Loma Linda Medical School, CA, and is certified by the American Board of Family Medicine.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He completed a fellowship in sports medicine, arthroscopy and reconstructive surgery and worked with the team physicians of the St. Louis Rams, St. Louis Blues, and St. Louis Cardinals during his residency. He practices at Evergreen Hospital.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Seybold completed his fellowship training at the Institute for Foot and Ankle Reconstruction in Baltimore. He received his medical degree from the University of Wisconsin School of Medicine and Public Health and practices in Burnsville, Eagan \u2013 Viking Lakes and Edina \u2013 Crosstown.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He practices in Anchorage, Alaska and has the professional credentials of MD. The NPI Number for Bradley K Cruz is 1255446696 and he holds a License No. 2313 (Alaska).", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " PA Slay graduated summa cum laude from Texas A&M University and with honors during the completion of her Master's degree in Physician Assistant Studies from the University of North Texas Health Sciences Center in Fort Worth. She also earned a Master's in Dermatology from the University of Nebraska Medical Center for her work on psoriatic therapies.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " She recently began working with Dr. Matt Phillips, Board Certified General Surgeon, to provide care for people who require surgery and/or surgical procedures.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He performs procedures including breast augmentation, liposuction, tummy tuck, and BOTOX\u00ae Cosmetic on patients from Corpus Christi, Alice, and other cities throughout south Texas.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She is clinically involved with the evaluation, diagnosis, and treatment of general dermatologic patients as well as the diagnosis, monitoring and therapy of individuals with skin cancer and psoriasis. Ms. Kucera is also a sub-investigator in multiple clinical trials. Ms. Kucera attended the University of Texas Medical Branch in Galveston where she graduated with a Bachelor of Science degree in Physician Assistant Studies and completed her Master of Science degree through the University of Nebraska Physician Assistant Program where she specialized in Dermatology. Her Doctorate of Health Science degree was awarded in mid-2006 at Nova Southeastern University in Ft. Lauderdale, Florida.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He is nationally recognized as a sports medicine expert and surgeon in the shoulder, knee and elbow. He has vast experience in successful non-operative and rehabilitative treatment techniques that avoid surgery. He treats all patients, both young and old, with varied backgrounds, including the injured worker, non-athlete, and athlete. His expertise has allowed athletes at all levels including high school, collegiate, and professional to return back at full participation to their demanding sports . Dr. Glousman is a recognized educator and research contributor in his field.Dr. Glousman is available for office consultations for Evaluation, Diagnosis, Treatment of both non-operative and surgical conditions, Second Opinions, and Medical-Legal Forensic Evaluations.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He received his medical degree from University of California San Diego School of Medicine and has been in practice for more than 20 years. He is one of 3 doctors at Waldo County General Hospital who specialize in Orthopedic Surgery.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " As a board-eligible orthopedic surgeon, Dr. Kandil treats a variety of bone and joint conditions including general orthopedic injuries, fractures, and ligament/muscle/tendon injuries. He performs arthroscopic surgery of the shoulder, hip, and knee as well as minimally invasive joint replacements of the knee and shoulder. In addition, he has a strong interest in complex arthroscopic repair and reconstruction of the shoulder and knee, cartilage regenerative procedures of the shoulder and knee, and the orthopedic management of pediatric athletic injuries. Dr. Kandil\u2019s patient-oriented approach helps establish the trust and confidence necessary to achieve the best possible outcome and return patients to their highest possible level of performance.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She received her master of public health in biostatistics and epidemiology at Saint Louis University and her doctorate of osteopathic medicine at NYIT College of Medicine, where she was accepted into the academic medicine scholars program and has been teaching ever since. She is section editor of Master the Boards: USMLE Step 3's chapter on biostatistics. She is the author of MedQuest's Biostatistics and Epidemiology course.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " She graduated cum laude from Santa Clara University, with a double major in biology and combined sciences from the Honors College. She received a Master\u2019s degree from Samuel Merritt University. She completed clinical rotations at UCSF and Stanford University, with her OBGYN training at Alta Bates Hospital in Berkeley. She has a particular interest in global medicine and has participated in medical missions to South Africa and Germany.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He has operated on thousands of young patients. It has always been his mission as a doctor and surgeon to serve his clients. He has always worked to create safer and more effective surgical practices to his patients. He works to improve the traditional methods of doing surgery and reinventing surgical practices. The surgeon loves a good challenge and has always ushered in challenges in his career. He has always worked to create painless methods for his patients. Though this is a tricky feat, he knew how much his patients would appreciate pain free ways of treatments. The doctor is the holder of two patents. His two patents cover his two inventions he created for surgical procedures.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " His clinical expertise includes the treatment of neurosurgical and spinal problems such as tumour, degenerative and trauma related spinal problems, and in minimally invasive (keyhole) spine surgery.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Her community clinic - open since 2005 - has been used as a model for clinics and hospitals nationwide. Her model is featured in Harvard School of Public Health\u2019s newest edition of Renegotiating Health Care. Dr. Wible is a best-selling author (Pet Goats & Pap Smears and Physician Suicide Letters - Answered), and devotes herself actively to medical student and physician suicide prevention for which she was the focus of a primetime segment on America Tonight. She has been named one of the 2015 Women Leaders in Medicine, and TEDMED calls her the \u201cPhysicians\u2019 Guardian Angel.\u201d", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " She is a Finalist at the UK Sexual Health Awards 2015 and for her book \u2018Understanding Contraception: A guide for black ladies\u2019 she has been nominated \u2018Author of the Year\u2019 at the Women4Africa Awards.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " While in medical school in Calgary, she and classmate Omar Damji created a program to call isolated seniors at home once a week, based on a similar initiative in the U.K. It was \u201ceye-opening,\u201d she says, to see how a simple intervention can help.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " She practices in Lares, Puerto Rico and has the professional credentials of . The NPI Number for Johanna Velez Velez is 1881072957 and she holds a License No. 19317 (Puerto Rico).", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He is also a Clinical Professor of Podiatric Medicine & Surgery at Pikeville College of Osteopathic Medicine and a Personal Wellness Coach & Fitness Trainer. Dr. Bailey has written several books, including: Secrets to Happiness, Inner Peace and Health, Metabolic Syndrome 2011, Nutrients for Prostate Cancer Prevention and Eradication, Breast Cancer Prevention and Wholistic Treatment, and Prostate Cancer Prevention and Wholistic Treatment.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " She is a consultant geriatrician and completed sub-specialty training in perioperative medicine. Jo\u2019s work focuses on improving the care of older surgical patients by optimising the treatment of medical problems before surgery, ensuring that quality medical support is in place in the post-operative period and coordinating discharge planning for complex patients. Delirium is very commonly triggered by surgery so Jo has a special interest in improving delirium care on surgical wards.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Rachel has clinical interests in all aspects of pulmonary medicine as well as critical care for hospitalized patients. She has several years of experience as a hospitalist, providing evidence-based care to patients.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He utilizes a comprehensive approach to treating his patients, doing absolutely everything he can to identify and eliminate the underlying cause of symptoms or the risk of future harm. Dr. Bovis is recognized as a national leader in the use of Gamma Knife radiosurgery to treat inoperable or inaccessible brain tumors or lesions, as well as patients who would be unable to tolerate open surgery because of advanced age or other complicating conditions. Because of his experience and national standing, Dr. Bovis was appointed Medical Director for the Illinois Gamma Knife Center at Alexian Brothers Medical Center in Elk Grove Village, Illinois.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Before completing his Fellowship in Sports Medicine at the Detroit Medical Center, Dr. Saad graduated with Highest Distinction from Wayne State University School of Medicine in 2011. He went on to complete a residency in Orthopaedic Surgery at William Beaumont Hospital in Royal Oak, Michigan.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " After her graduation from North Shore Country Day School in 1967, Deborah attended Vassar College and received her BA. at the University of Chicago with honors and her M.D. from the Abraham Lincoln School of Medicine, University of Illinois. She completed her residency at the Michael Reese Hospital and Medical Center in the Department of Pediatrics.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He is MD from the Indiana University School of Medicine and a Resident of General Surgery from the Michigan State University. He also joined The New York Hospital as a Resident of Plastic Surgery. Certified by the American Board of Plastic Surgery, Dr. Harvey is the member of American Society for Aesthetic Plastic Surgery (ASAPS) and American Society of Plastic Surgeons (ASPS).", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She has written two novels and a collection of short stories. Her work has been published or won awards in Nimrod, Asian Cha, Glimmer Train, Readers, Kartika Review, New Short Fiction, Storysouth, Cantaraville, and Kalachuvadu Literary Magazine.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " His Triangles Model\u00a9 became the cornerstone for PNI instruction and intervention. A significant proportion of these interventions reflect traditional Buddhist principles. He is consulted widely, both by private and corporate individuals, in the implementation of wellness and performance-enhancing strategies", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She practices in Anchorage, Alaska and has the professional credentials of PHARMD. The NPI Number for Dr. Amy B Kauffman is 1942337951 and she holds a License No. 16680 (Colorado).", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " She received her medical degree from the University of California San Diego in 2005 and completed an internal medicine and pediatrics residency at Brown University and Rhode Island Hospital in 2009. She is a member of the American College of Physicians and the American Academy of Pediatrics. Her professional interests include ambulatory primary care, refugee health and mentoring under-privileged high school students. In her leisure time, she enjoys playing with her son, hiking, and traveling.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Dr. Siddiq has successfully completed standards of training and clinical experience in the specialty of Mesotherapy with an emphasis on patient safety. She is skilled in providing effective and successful mesotherapy treatments. Call or text (510) 789-8870 or send an email to siddiqmedical@yahoo.com", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He lost the use of his hands in a car accident and he has been a grumpy person ever since. He tried experimental surgeries to heal the injuries but failed. He came across a case of Jonathan Pangborn who was able to walk although was pronounced paraplegic after his accident.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She specializes in Internal Medicine and has 22 years of experience in treating all kinds of medical conditions ranging from fevers and cold to diabetes, thyroid disorders, hypertension, emphysema, and asthma. She is equally expert in providing care to patients with chronic medical complications.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " His Cosmetic surgery clinic is regarded as one of the best in the whole of India, with both a large clientele of bollywood celebrities and a steady stream of foreign cosmetic tourists.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He practices with Spine Care Specialists in Munster, Ind. Dr. Tyndall has published his research in many leading peer-reviewed medical journals such as ADVANCE for Directors in Rehabilitation, Clinical Orthopaedics and Related Research and Journal of Orthopaedic Research, as well as authoring a chapter on lumbar spondylolisthesis.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She helps prepare patients for weight loss surgery, provides educational classes and offers one-on-one support. Lisa continues ongoing care at the time of surgery and provides individualized support after surgery. Lisa has a special interest in empowering patients to achieve their weight loss goals. Lisa received her degree in physician assistant studies in 2005 at the University of Nebraska Medical Center. She moved to Portland, OR and has worked in surgical specialties since. Lisa enjoys spending time with her family, traveling, and being active.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He earned a bachelor of science degree summa cum laude in nutrition from Cornell University and completed his medical training at Albert Einstein College of Medicine and Ross University School of Medicine. In addition, he completed an orthopedic surgery residency and trauma fellowship at Brown University, where he was a clinical instructor in orthopedics. He then completed a second fellowship in sports medicine at the University of Pittsburgh Medical Center.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. DeFiore graduated from Loyola University Chicago Stritch School of Medicine in 1963 and has been in practice for 55 years. He completed a residency at Hospital for Special Surgery. Dr. DeFiore also specializes in Hand Surgery. Dr. DeFiore accepts multiple insurance plans including Medicare, Medicaid and First Health (Coventry Health Care). Dr. DeFiore also practices at Knoxville Orthopaedic Clinic in Knoxville, TN.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She practices in Ft Carson, Colorado and has the professional credentials of M.D.. The NPI Number for Dr. Joella Beard is 1477680254 and she holds a License No. 4580 (Alaska).", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He practices in Anchorage, Alaska and has the professional credentials of M.D.. The NPI Number for Dr. Jack Jacob is 1437111093 and he holds a License No. 1643 (Alaska).", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He holds a Bachelor of Medicine and Bachelor of Surgery (Qld), he is a Fellow of the Royal Australasian College of Surgeons and a Fellow of the Australian Orthopaedic Association. Dr Nutting has also obtained a Fellowship in Microvascular Surgery through Duke University in North Carolina, United States of America. He is currently involved in private practice as well as an active member of multiple medical boards.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Previously, Dr. Davis was medical director and director of community health at CHI and was also a family physician at a federally qualified health center (FQHC) in Maryland. As a White House Fellow at the U.S. Department of Agriculture, she established relationships among leaders of FQHCs and the Women, Infants, and Children nutrition program. Dr. Davis received her degree in medicine from the University of Connecticut and her master of public health from Johns Hopkins University.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " She has held the position of chair of the German affiliate of IPPNW since April 2013. Non-violent alternatives to military intervention and the psycho-social factors of war are the most important aspects for her in her medical peace work. She has been active locally for many years in addressing the concerns of psychologically traumatised refugees.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " She became a PA because she loves helping people. She received her undergraduate degree from Tulane University and her Masters of Physician Assistant Studies degree from the Medical College of Georgia.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " A prevention advocate, she believes that eating healthy and enjoying good food go hand in hand, and that eating well is an important building block of health and well-being.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " As medical director of JSM Fertility, Dr. Mann works in concert with IRMS physicians to give exemplary care and service to patients throughout Central and Southern New Jersey at her office at 2 Hospital Plaza, Suite 340 Old Bridge, NJ 08857 in Middlesex County. She is an experienced reproductive surgeon, having served the patients of Monmouth and Ocean counties since 2011. Her areas of clinical interest and expertise are pregnancy loss, ovulation induction, in vitro fertilization, polycystic ovarian syndrome, and third party reproduction.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He met several Albany physicians during one of their visits to India, where they helped build a medical complex. Dr. Oli is trained to do basic Laparoscopic procedures on the gallbladder and appendix, and now he's learning more advanced procedures that he can take back home.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " His practice specializes in sports medicine and disorders of the shoulder. He is currently accepting new patients in his Lincolnshire office. For more information about reverse total shoulder replacement surgery or to speak to Dr. Neault make an appointment or call (847) 634-1766.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He is a professor of neurosurgery in the Department of Neurosurgery and is the Mayo Midwest Spine Care Network director and director of the Spine Center in Rochester, Minnesota. His interests include degenerative spine disease, epilepsy and general neurosurgery.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He is member of Peachtree Orthopedics in and around Atlanta, Georgia. Dr. Carreira specializes in hip arthroscopy as well as foot and ankle treatments, with an emphasis on minimally invasive arthroscopy techniques.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Katz began his education at Chicago Medical School where he graduated at the top of his class and since that time he has continued to extensively study the field of cosmetic and reconstructive surgery. Dr. Katz is board-certified by the American Board of Cosmetic Surgery, the American Board of Facial Plastic and Reconstructive Surgery, the Texas Medical Association, and many more highly-regarded organizations. Read on in Dr. Warren Katz\u2019s medical profile to learn more about the talented surgeon.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Au received his medical degree from Jefferson Medical College Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. He completed a five year General Surgery Residency at the Polyclinic Medical Center", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Although he has never treated Schumacher, or spoken with doctors who\u2019ve treated Schumacher over the years, he has dealt with similar cases both at immediate critical-care level and further down the line in terms of long-term treatment.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Reiss graduated from University of Toronto Faculty of Medicine in 1982 and has been in practice for 35 years. He completed a residency at University of Illinois Hospital and Clinics. He currently practices at South Denver Orthopaedics and is affiliated with Swedish Medical Center, Avista Adventist Hospital and Boulder Community Hospital. Dr. Reiss accepts multiple insurance plans including Aetna, Rocky Mountain Health Plans and Medicare. In addition to English, Dr. Reiss's practice supports this language: Spanish.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " A graduate of Harvard University and the University of Cincinnati, Roberts is an avid traveler who claims the world is his classroom. He is the father of four daughters and their favorite storyteller.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He has a high-volume surgical practice and performs a wide spectrum of surgical procedures, including gastrointestinal surgeries, such as colon and gallbladder surgeries, hernia repair via laparoscopic or open approach, as well as complex hernia repairs, requiring reconstruction of the abdominal wall. In addition, he performs surgeries to detect and treat different types of cancer, including breast cancer, colon cancer, and melanoma.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr Dombrowski develops and evaluates innovative technology and business solutions to help vulnerable populations with complex medical and social needs \u2014 including older adults, people with disabilities, patients with severe chronic illnesses, and the urban poor.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Dr. Gallus earned his osteopathic medical degree from the Philadelphia College of Osteopathic Medicine, where he also completed his residency and served as the administrative chief resident. He obtained his fellowship training in adult reconstructive spine surgery at New England Baptist Hospital/Tuft's University School of Medicine in Boston. Dr. Gallus is with Precision Spine Center, based in Centennial, Colorado, and sees patients at the HRRMC Medical Clinics in Salida.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She is conversant in Hungarian. In her practice, Dr. Kereszti focuses on minimally invasive surgery and menopause. Dr. Kereszti is professionally affiliated with Milford Regional Medical Center (MRMC). Before performing her residency at Long Island Jewish Medical Center, Dr. Kereszti attended George Washington University School of Medicine and Health Sciences for medical school. She is rated highly by her patients. Dr. Kereszti takes Medicare insurance. She is open to new patients.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " She practices in Hoover, Alabama and has the professional credentials of MD. The NPI Number for Marla C Troughton is 1598958910 and she holds a License No. 22277 (Alabama).", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Her research focuses broadly on improving health for vulnerable populations. In particular, she is interested in physician experiences with healthcare innovations, including payment\u2026", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He was born in Lagos, Nigeria and earned his Bachelor\u2019s degree in chemistry from Central Michigan University. He attended Wayne State University School of Medicine in Detroit where he also finished his Neurosurgery residency. He is board certified by the American Board of Neurological Surgeons and is a member of the American Association of Neurological Surgeons. He is also a member of the San Jose Surgical Society, the American Medical Association, and the California Association of Neurological Surgeons.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " His PhD research was performed at Hokkaido University in bone marrow stromal cell transplantation for stroke recovery. Dr. Ito\u2019s current research concentrates on studying of neural circuits underlying post-stroke recovery using combination of opto/chemogenetic and cutting edge imaging techniques. From this research, he expects to confirm existing circuits involved in post-stroke recovery as well as uncover important circuits that have not previously explored. He also studies about epigenetic aspects of Moyamoya disease, which is one of the rarest forms of occlusive cerebrovascular disorders", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He has presented his clinical and research work at national and international medical meetings and has been awarded the St. Giles Young Investigator Award by the Pediatric Orthopedic Society of North America. Dr. Iobst is an invited speaker at national conferences on external fixation and limb deformity and has written numerous articles and book chapters; he\u2019s also an editor for the textbook Limb Lengthening and Reconstruction Surgery Case Atlas.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Korn is regarded as a leading specialist in breast reconstruction using microsurgery techniques; he is nationally one of the most experienced surgeons in performing DIEP flap (deep inferior epigastric perforator flap) breast reconstruction. Furthermore has pioneered using inner thigh tissue with the fleur-de-lis TUG flap (transverse upper gracilis flap) flap and PAP flap (profunda femoris artery perforator flap) to offer more natural breast reconstruction in thin women.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He suffers from a hand condition called Dupuytren's Contracture. He is not alone... President Ronald Reagan had it; Britain's Margaret Thatcher had it. Tom inherited the condition from his father. His father's deformed hand led to an untimely and horrible death, and that incident is what motivates Tom to find a cure. He hears about a tribe in the jungles of Peru who have apparently found a cure. The cure comes with a heavy price--perhaps more than Tom is willing to pay, and it is not about money.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " In this interview, she speaks to childhood friend and freelance medical writer, Dr Natasha Das about her life with cancer. When she was 22, Moushumi had a fibroadenoma removed from her breast. She had noticed a small new lump in her breast 16 years later and ignored it for over a year believing that it was one of those benign lumps again. She believes an early diagnosis could have paved way for better treatment options for her. In this interview, she urges women to be better aware, to do regular self-exams and to go for screening. If diagnosed with cancer, she says, one should not lose heart but should fight it with a positive spirit. Cancer, after all, is only another chronic disease that needs lifelong treatment and care.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Henry Drax is a harpooner with an insatiable thirst for blood. Both board the Volunteer, a whaling ship setting out from Hull to hunt for blubber in the Arctic Circle. As they head north, the secondary purpose of the expedition unfolds together with the cataclysmic depravity of Drax\u2019s nature. Can Sumner, lost in the grips of a laudanum addiction and feelings of deep emptiness, fight against Drax and find his way through the winter and home?", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Bae is a national leader in minimally invasive surgery, motion preservation technology, artificial disc replacement and non-fusion technologies. He is co-director of the Spine Fellowship Program. Dr. Bae earned a bachelor\u2019s degree in biomechanics from the Columbia University School of Engineering and Applied Sciences. He earned his medical degree, cum laude, from the Yale University School of Medicine. He completed his surgical internship at North Shore University Hospital and his orthopedic surgical residency at the Hospital for Special Surgery in New York. He completed a spine fellowship at Case Western Reserve Hospital in Cleveland.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She received her Physician Assistant training at the St. John\u2019s University Physician Assistant program and graduated Cum Laude with a bachelor of science in Physician Assistant studies. Jeniffer is board-certified by the National Commission of Certification for Physician Assistants and licensed by the Physician Assistant Board of New York.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " She founded the AAH Math Team in 1998 when her son was a competitor. She is no longer involved in homeschooling, but has continued to serve as the director of AAH Math Team, which currently operates as an enrichment program for homeschoolers regardless of their interest in competitions. She has also been involved since 1999 in encouraging connections among all Austin math competitors at the AIME and USAMO level, regardless of educational affiliation. She will generally be the proctor for AMC exams. She can be reached via email at <brook@austin.rr.com>", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Her Bachelor of Science Degree, majoring in biology, was earned at Arizona State University. She attended Midwestern University to earn her Master of Medical Science Degree in Physician.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " She has been practicing family medicine for the past 22 years. To learn more about Kaiser Permanente Northwest, visit https://thrive.kaiserpermanente.org/care-near-oregon-washington/overview", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He writes and lectures on regional and national public policy issues, and has published in major national journals and newspapers on issues ranging from health care refor", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She empowers her patients to take control and manage their back pain by educating them and prescribing physical therapy with the highest quality techniques. \u2014 Cynthia M. Gordon-Willson, RN, MSN and Nurse Case Manager", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Dr. Stridde's most requested procedures consist of breast augmentation, tummy tuck , breast augmentation revision, and facelift surgery. To learn more about Dr. Stridde and all that his practice has to offer, please visit him online today!", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " At the Dallas Plastic Surgery Institute, Dr. Sameer Jejurikar specializes in cosmetic surgery. With a passion for helping his patients achieve a desired look, Dr. Sameer Jejurikar focuses primarily on the eyes, nose, face, breasts and body. To help patients achieve a younger appearance, he practices surgical and noninvasive techniques.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He is a pioneer, and has performed more than a total of 4,500 general surgical operations and currently does about 300 bariatric/metabolic surgical operations/year.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " On average, patients gave her a rating of 4.5 stars out of 5. Dr. Negron-Alvarez honors Blue Cross/Blue Shield, Blue Choice, and Aetna, as well as other insurance carriers. She graduated from New York Medical College. She is conversant in Spanish.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Her and her husband have six dogs, three cats, two non fighting roosters, and a large extended family. Her webpage is Finest Kind Clinic and Fishmarket", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Dr. Illig graduated from Georgetown University School of Medicine in 1983 and has been in practice for 35 years. He completed a residency at Mayo Clinic and Medical School. He currently practices at Colorado Springs Neurological Associates PC and is affiliated with Penrose Hospital. Dr. Illig accepts multiple insurance plans including Aetna, Rocky Mountain Health Plans and Medicare. Dr. Illig also practices at Mountain States Pathologists in Colorado Springs, CO.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Potparic applies his years of global study and research, as well as more than 30 years of hands-on experience performing reconstructive and cosmetic surgery, to bring harmony and balance to the face, breasts, and body.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He is also Invited-Professor at College of Medicine, Catholic University of Brasil, and an International Lecturer. Furthermore he is the Owner of Mucio Porto Clinic of Plastic Surgery and Aesthetic Medicine in Brasilia, Brazil. He completed the course in medicine at the Federal University of Goi\u00e1s, in 1985. He accomplished internship at a public hospital of Sao Paulo and residency in general surgery at the Hospital of the Armed Forces in Brasilia in 1988.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He received his medical degree from the State University of New York at Upstate Medical Center. He continued his training at New York Medical College, where he completed a residency program in Orthopaedic Surgery. He then went on to complete a fellowship in Spinal Surgery at Strong Memorial Hospital in Rochester, N.Y.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She has recently commenced working as the Senior Medical Officer with icare. In this role, she will be involved in providing clinical advice and support on a number of initiatives within the organisation.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Trained in prestigious medical institutions and with more than 10000 surgeries under his belt Dr. Richardson is recognized as one of the country\u2019s top facial surgeons. He has been invited to perform surgeries, lecture and train at numerous international institutions and conferences across the globe, including Germany, USA, and Middle East.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She is also a Clinical Assistant Professor at the University of British Columbia\u2019s Department of Family Practice and a past preceptor with the St. Paul\u2019s Hospital Family Practice Residency Program.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Her unique voice is sorely needed today as women face hormone imbalances and deficiencies before, during, and after menopause. These conditions, which can assault quality of life, are nothing new. What is new is that they are appearing earlier than ever before, and at a time when women are already stretched to the limit. And women are often misdiagnosed by the medical establishment.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " She completed her residency with the Montgomery Family Medicine Residency Program. She is Board Certified in Family Medicine. Prior to her residency, she received a Masters of Sciences of Public Health from the University of Colorado and her medical degree from the Universidad del Norte in Colombia. Dr. Fuentes has special interest in women\u2019s health and she is fluent in Spanish.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " She blogs about her reflections on life, Islam, health along with some recipes to treasure and book reviews and more. She likes to learn and share everything that inspires to live a productive life.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " She started in Plastic Surgery in 2003 but found her home in Dermatology. She has been in Dermatology since 2010. She takes great importance in patient education and has ranked in the top 10% of the Press Ganey Provider Patient Satisfaction scores nationally. An Ohio native, she has been a dedicated employee of the Cleveland Clinic for 31 years. She decided to expand her knowledge and training with the Apex team. Valerie\u2019s interests include skin cancer screening, common skin problems (acne, warts, cysts, etc.) surgical biopsies and excisions.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " She practices in Palmer, Alaska and has the professional credentials of MD. The NPI Number for Katherine Nevin Naylor is 1013938729 and she holds a License No. MD00046477 (Washington).", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " During that time, he led efforts for increased transparency of the physician-industry relationship among the NASS board of directors. He was recently given the David Selby Award for his contributions to the art and science of spinal disorder management through his services to NASS and has been instrumental in advocacy efforts for appropriate reimbursement for spinal procedures.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " At present, his practice, Specialty Orthopedics, LLC is located with Dupage Foot and Ankle, LLC. The members of his team, are committed to deliver quality patient care and service. Dr. Park earned his degree in medicine from New York University and then went on to pursue an internship in general surgery from the same institute. He also completed practical training by finishing a residency in orthopedic surgery at NYU Hospital for Joint Diseases Orthopaedic Institute. Dr. Park holds certification from the American Board of Orthopaedic Surgery and sees patients for conditions like shoulder, hip and knee problems, arthritis and dislocations. He is a skilled surgeon who believes in providing excellent patient care and strives towards quickly bringing patients back to their routine way of life.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He has performed many successful operations in young children, even those with complicated cases. As a doctor, Dr. Saad Saad is passionate about the current trends that could improve the way he serves his patients. He is constantly on his toes, looking for the best practices in pediatric surgery, to alleviate symptoms of pain and improve the overall quality of pre-operations, peri-operations, and post-operation conditions of his clients.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " His clinical expertise includes the use of minimally invasive surgery to treat colorectal cancer, gall bladder stones, appendicitis, and abdominal and groin hernia.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She said back pain is one of the most common reasons people go to the doctor, with upwards of 80 percent of people experiencing back pain at some point in their life. Pain is categorized as acute (lasting less than four weeks), subacute (lasting four to 12 weeks), and chronic (lasting more than 12 weeks).", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Having travelled the globe, he has gained professional insight in the latest modern plastic surgery techniques in both the USA and South Korea. His extensive experience and skill in performing cosmetic and reconstructive surgeries has made him one of the most sought-after professionals in his field.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He is about to complete theMFA in Creative Writing at National University as a Poetry major. His poems have appeared in Poet\u2019s Podium, Jones Av., Gnu, tinfoildresses, Strong Verse, Public Republic, Divine Dirt Quarterly, Yellow Mama, The Boston Literary Review, and The Ann Arbor Review.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She practices in Birmingham, Alabama and has the professional credentials of M.D.. The NPI Number for Dr. Jinan Chaarani is 1972816890 and she holds a License No. 34964 (Alabama).", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " She is a member of the Senate at the Swiss Academy of Medical Sciences, of the Ethical Legal Social Issues advisory group du Swiss Personalised Health Network, and of the Swiss National Advisory Commission on Biomedical Ethics. Her research focuses on fairness in clinical practice and the protection of vulnerable persons.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " In addition to Program Director, he serves as Professor and Vice-Chairman of the Department of Plastic Surgery at UT Southwestern Medical Center. He is also Director of the Clinical Center for Cosmetic Laser Treatment and Medical Director for the Department of Plastic Surgery. His clinical practice is located at the Outpatient Building on the UT Southwestern campus.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He has 30 United States and international patents, several grants and more than 150 publications. He has presented nationally and internationally. Additionally, he co-directs The Collaboration for Organ Perfusion, Protection, Engineering and Regeneration (COPPER) Laboratory at Ohio State, which brings together transplant surgery, endothelial cell biology and biomedical engineering expertise to further organ perfusion and recovery research.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He recommends the most conservative treatment possible to achieve the desired result, and when surgery is required, he chooses minimally invasive techniques whenever possible. This means patients will experience minimal downtime and post-operative discomfort.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He is driven, kind and innovative in the field of surgery. He is also one of the few surgical endoscopists in the country. In 2011, as a chief resident, he received the Professionalism Award at the University of Nevada School of Medicine and continues to emphasize this professionalism throughout his surgical practice. He is very well respected by his colleagues in the field and always strives for perfection.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " A respected surgeon and professor at Harvard, NYU , Columbia University and UC Irvine, he is the trusted expert when it comes to providing safe and patient-oriented procedures.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " For the last 40 years, he has done thousands of composite pediatric surgeries on kids of different ages from toddlers to teenagers. He has traveled to Jerusalem eight times to participate in the medical mission of performing free surgeries to the poor children.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He provides education and training to other highly qualified surgeons who wish to improve their proficiency in robotic general and colorectal surgery techniques including Single-Site\u2122 da Vinci\u00ae Cholecystectomy (gallbladder surgery).", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She is now retired and lives in the rural Philippines with her husband, six dogs, three cats, and a large extended family. Her webpage is Finest Kind Clinic and Fishmarket.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Dr. Oliver graduated from George Washington University School of Medicine & Health Sciences in 1981 and has been in practice for 37 years. He completed a residency at United States Naval Medical Center. He currently practices at Barry D Oliver MD and is affiliated with Palmetto Health Baptist. Dr. Oliver accepts multiple insurance plans including Aetna, BCBS South Carolina and Medicare.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Mamoun graduated from American University of Beirut Faculty of Medicine in 1966 and has been in practice for 51 years. He completed a residency at St Barnabas Medical Center. Dr. Mamoun also specializes in Surgery. He currently practices at Sami M Mamoun MD and is affiliated with Morristown Memorial Hospital. In addition to English, Dr. Mamoun's practice supports this language: Arabic.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " In addition to her academic accomplishments, she is a down-to-earth, avid athlete with an artistic twang. Verona, born and raised in Queens, never forgets when, where and how she was brought up. She finds true happiness when she is back home sharing her knowledge and experiences with her community.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " At the same time every night, something inside of him alters him in almost unrecognizable ways, leading to a dangerous alternate personality named Ian Price. The show is a modern take on the classic Strange Case of Dr Jekyll and Mr Hyde story.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She practices in Norfolk, Virginia and has the professional credentials of MD. The NPI Number for Katrina Marie Lesher is 1467414995 and she holds a License No. 0101233395 (Virginia).", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Dr. Binder serves as the Director of Innovation for Spaulding Rehabilitation Hospital, Medical Director at Spaulding Cambridge Outpatient Center, and the Director of Spine Training for the Spaulding/Harvard sports medicine fellowship program. He is also the Vice-President of the medical staff at Spaulding.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " She joined Family Practice Center and began her career as a physician assistant in 2007. Erin currently sees patients in Loysville, PA. </p> <p><strong>Education:</strong></p> <ul> <li>MS &ndash; Physician Assistant Studies, Arcadia University, Glenside, PA</li> <li>BS &ndash; Health Science/Psychology Minor, Lock Haven University, Lock Haven, PA</li> </ul> <p><strong>Certification: </strong></p> <ul> <li>National Commissio", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " At his clinics at Mount Elizabeth Novena, Mount Elizabeth and Parkway East Hospitals, he provides specialised care for patients with vascular diseases. Patients will receive a comprehensive assessment including a Duplex scan in the clinic. Dr Lee is fully conversant in performing complex vascular operations such as open aortic repair, bypass surgery, peripheral angioplasties, endovascular repairs of the aorta and endovenous laser treatment of varicose veins.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She practices in Anchorage, Alaska and has the professional credentials of MD. The NPI Number for Jeanne R Bonar is 1710943196 and she holds a License No. 1682 (Alaska).", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Dr. Weil graduated from Brown University Alpert Medical School in 1973 and has been in practice for 45 years. He completed a residency at St Marys Hospital Medical Center. He currently practices at Randall B Weil MD and is affiliated with St Mary's Medical Center. Dr. Weil also practices at Willow Surgery Center in San Francisco, CA. In addition to English, Dr. Weil's practice supports this language: Vietnamese.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She is MD from the University of Pennsylvania and a Resident of Case Western Reserve University. She also got the privilege to work as a fellow of Beth Israel Deaconess Medical Center. Dr. Lee has hospital affiliations at Northwestern medicine Central DuPage Hospital, Advocate Good Samaritan Hospital and AMITA Health Adventist Medical Center.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He has a special interest in ACL, rotator cuff, cartilage preservation, hip arthroscopy, stem-cell/PRP therapy, and minimally invasive total joint replacement surgeries.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She is a board-licensed physician who not only specializes in cosmetic services, but also dermatology, weight loss, women's health, family medicine, and urgent care. She believes that part of staying healthy includes appearing healthy.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Dr. Corbin has a deep and vast experience and knowledge in breast augmentation, liposuction, facelift, and other cosmetic surgery and reconstructive procedures. He is certified under the American Board of Plastic Surgery and scored in the top five percentile when he received his Diplomate.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Agris graduated from Albany Medical College in 1974 and has been in practice for 49 years. He completed a residency at University of Michigan Health System. Dr. Agris accepts multiple insurance plans including Aetna, Medicare and Cigna.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Jasper has a special interest in postpartum care. Her average patient rating is 4.0 stars out of 5. She accepts Medicare insurance. Her education and training includes medical school at Philadelphia College of Osteopathic Medicine and residency at George Washington University Medical Center. In addition to English, she speaks Spanish. Dr. Jasper is professionally affiliated with MedStar Harbor Hospital. Her practice is open to new patients.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Although Steve practices as a companion animal vet in the UK he has had ample opportunity to use his skills working with a huge array of wildlife species.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He is Board-Certified in Plastic Surgery by the Royal College of Physicians and Surgeons of Canada. Dr. Plant is rapidly gaining a reputation for being one of the most meticulous and talented surgeons in the area.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He is MD from the Saint Louis University School of Medicine and a Resident of Plastic Surgery from University of Colorado Health Sciences Center. Certified by the American Board of General and Plastic Surgery, he is a member of American Society of Plastic Surgeons (ASPS). Dr. J. Tirre has hospital affiliations at Porter Adventist Hospital, St. Anthony Hospital, Swedish Medical Center and Cherry Hills Surgery Center.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " With the certification of The American Board of Plastic Surgery, Dr.Gonzalez obtained his medical degree from the University of Massachusetts Medical School. For his post-medical school training, he joined University of Massachusetts Medical School as a resident of Plastic Surgery. He is the member of American Society for Aesthetic Plastic Surgery (ASAPS) and American Society of Plastic Surgeons (ASPS).", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Her research focuses on patient self-management, treatment decision-making, and patient activation. She is currently conducting four studies that seek to lower the rate of diabetes through a variety of programs such as: increasing education in at-risk populations; assisting in the treatment decision making process through a coaching program; and measuring the effectiveness of peer-to-peer support programs. Dr. Heisler is also an Associate Professor of Internal Medicine at the University of Michigan .", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He graduated from medical school in York in 2003. He continued his surgical training onto Hull and Newcastle. Whilst in Newcastle he studied Minimally Invasive Surgery at a postgraduate level with Newcastle University and the Northern Surgical Training Centre. He qualified as a surgeon and became accepted into the Royal College of Surgeons of England in 2010.He is excited to work with the Yorkshire Skin Clinic to provide Surgeon-Quality Aesthetics to the people of Yorkshire.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She graduated with honors in 1994. Having more than 24 years of diverse experiences, especially in PHYSICIAN ASSISTANT, Sara Rhyne Davis affiliates with Randolph Hospital, and cooperates with other doctors and specialists without joining any medical groups. Call Sara Rhyne Davis on phone number (336) 629-6500 for more information and advice or to book an appointment.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Trained as a General Surgeon FRACS, with Doctor of Medicine University of Aukland, with subspecialty training in the liver and the pancreas, ANZHPBA Fellow. He is also a laparoscopic surgeon with a wide spectrum of expertise including laparoscopic hernia repair, laparoscopic adrenal, spleen, pancreas and gall bladder surgery. His particular interest is cancers of the liver, metastatic bowel cancer, pancreatic tumours and cancers of the gall bladder and the bile duct. In addition to the above he also performs all types of General Surgery including upper and lower GI endoscopy.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Dennis discovered the breakthrough after closely listening to his patients \u2013 especially his sickest patients \u2013 had mold sensitivities and detoxing problems that were at the root of their illness, namely sinusitis, but they had other problems as well. Brain fog, memory problems, nerve damage, problems walking, etc\u2026 as he says on today\u2019s show mold sensitivity is a multi- system problem. It can affect most any system in the body but when it is properly addressed most patients can and do get well.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She has been referred to as a \u201cHealth Detective,\u201d drawing from a wide range of disciplines, both mainstream and alternative, to diagnose and treat many different types of illnesses, often difficult to identify. She has successfully treated problems that do not respond to pharmaceutical drugs or other conventional treatments.\u2026Read More", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He treats adults and children. Dr. Grewal studied at New York Institute of Technology, New York College of Osteopathic Medicine in Old Westbury, University of Rochester (Bachelor's), North Shore-LIJ Health System, Plainview Hospital for his Residency in Orthopedic Surgery.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She is currently evaluating and managing patients who are seeking medicinal cannabis as a primary or adjunct therapy for illnesses such as chronic pain syndromes, neurodegenerative disorders, gastrointestinal disease, seizures, autoimmune disease, insomnia, cancer, anorexia, and mood disorders.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Her major interest is infectious disease dynamics, specifically of vector borne diseases and vaccine prevented illnesses. She has been working on creating new alternatives for vector control against dengue transmission in hyper-endemic regions of Colombia.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He has specialization in performing spine surgeries for nerve decompression, disc replacement, fixation, fusion and spinal tumour surgeries. read more", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He received his medical degree from University of California San Francisco School of Medicine and has been in practice for more than 20 years. Dr. Chen is one of two doctors at Garfield Medical Center and one of four at Good Samaritan Hospital who specialize in Neurological Surgery. He also speaks multiple languages, including Chinese (Mandarin).", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " In addition to general orthopaedics, his specialties are sports medicine, anterior cruciate ligament and meniscus surgery, and arthroscopy, shoulder disorders including rotator cuff and instability problems, knee, elbow, and industrial medicine.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr Hatzifotis is currently working at the Princess Alexandra Hospital as the Director of the Acute General Surgical Unit, and Deputy Director of Trauma Services, and is a Senior Lecturer with the University of Queensland. He also works at Greenslopes Private Hospital and Mater Private Hospital Redlands.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He is also Chief of Minimally Invasive Spine Surgery at Beaumont Hospitals. Furthermore, Dr. Perez-Cruet is Vice Chairman, Director and Professor of Minimally Invasive Spine Surgery and the Spine Program at Oakland University, William Beaumont School of Medicine in Rochester, MI. Yet Mick is also a", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He is Doctor Cum Laude, specialist in Laparoscopic Surgery, Colorectal and obesity. Since 2007 he is the Chief of General Surgery and Digestive Diseases Hospital del Sureste in Madrid in Arganda del Rey. He is the author of numerous articles for magazines specialty national and international levels.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She attended Texas A&M University and graduated with a Bachelor of Science degree in Health Education. She worked in the emergency room at Houston Northwest Medical Center before desiring to pursue a career as a physician assistant. Haley graduated with honors from Nova Southeastern University in Orlando, Florida where she completed a portion of her training at the Center for Advanced GYN and Minimally Invasive Surgery at Winnie Palmer Hospital for Women and Babies. She also completed additional training assisting with both vaginal and cesarean deliveries at Florida Hospital.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " She is presently completing a master\u2019s degree in public health, majoring in maternal and child health at the Gillings School of Global Public Health, University of North Carolina, Chapel Hill.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " A bustling 450-bed teaching hospital, LMC offers a full range of services. Dr.Joseph\u2019s multifaceted role as an Attending physician entails providing affordable comprehensive outpatient women\u2019s health care at one of the NYU Lutheran Family Health Centers. She also provides inpatient care at the hospital and is responsible for training and preparing postgraduates in the OBGYN residency program as well as medical student education. Her career path began after migrating from South Trinidad (where she completed high school and sixth form studies), to Washington, DC to attend Howard University. Full Bio", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " She received her Master\u2019s degree in Physician Assistant studies in 2004 from Wayne State University and received her Bachelors of Science in Biological Sciences in 2002. She is a current member of the American Association of Physician Assistants (AAPA) and Michigan Association of Physician Assistants (MAPA). Kristen has a special interest in preventative care and women\u2019s health care. \u201cWorkig with patients and being able to provide quality treatment in a compassionate atmosphere is such rewarding work\u201d Kristen states. In her spare time, Kristen enjoys most of all, spending time with her husband and young sons.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Shirisha graduated from Miami University in Oxford, Ohio with a bachelor\u2019s degree in microbiology. She then attended Nova Southeastern University, earning a Master\u2019s in medical science and a BS in physician assistant studies.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He obtained his medical degree from the Rutgers University and a Resident of Plastic Surgery from the Ohio State University. Certified by the American Board of Plastic Surgery, Dr. Brown has hospital affiliation at Tampa General Hospital, Memorial Hospital of Tampa , Brandon Regional Hospital and Saint Joseph\u2019s Hospital.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Since completing his Plastic Surgery training by Dr. Ralph Millard at the University of Miami and Dr. Paul Tessier in Paris, France, Dr. Howard has traveled the world lecturing and teaching other plastic surgeons his special techniques and secrets. An awarding winning and highly decorated surgeon, Dr. Howard founded his own non-profit organization in the early 1990s, the NewFace Foundation that benefits children born with facial deformities. Dr. Howard\u2019s practice in Birmingham, Alabama is home of the Howard Lift, a less invasive short scar facelift easily performed in the privacy of his office.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Ling graduated from Loma Linda University School of Medicine in 1978 and has been in practice for 41 years. He completed a residency at Washington Adventist Hospital. Dr. Ling also specializes in Sports Medicine. He currently practices at Alternative Orthopedics Spm and is affiliated with Marshall Medical Center. Dr. Ling accepts multiple insurance plans including Medicare, Humana and Cigna. Dr. Ling also practices at Placerville Radiology Medical Group Inc in Placerville, CA.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Greene graduated Princeton University and earned his medical degree at the Medical College of Georgia. He performed a residency in orthopedics at Emory University and served as associate team physician to the athletic teams at Georgia Tech. He completed fellowship training at the Steadman Hawkins Clinic in Vail, Colorado.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Special interests include advanced minimally invasive approaches (such as percutaneous decompressions and fusions), spinal tumors, cervical spine deformity, and lumbar deformity. He has experience in many new spinal procedures, including artificial disk replacements, minimally invasive microscopic decompressions and fusions, and image-guided spine surgery.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " In 2010, she graduated from the University of Arkansas at Fayetteville with a Bachelor of Science in Biology. She obtained a Masters of Science in Physician Assistant Studies in 2012 from Harding University. Danielle has been a part of Highlands Oncology Group, specifically as a gynecologic oncology PA for Dr. Joseph Ivy, M.D., since 2013. She primarily is Dr. Ivy\u2019s first assist in surgery, but also works in the clinic. Prior to joining Highlands Oncology Group, she worked as a cardiac PA at Walker Heart Institute at Washington Regional Medical Center. Professional memberships include: American Academy of Physician Assistants, Arkansas Academy of Physician Assistants, and the Society of Gynecologic Oncology.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He completed his Medical School from Tulane and a Resident of Plastic Surgery from Harvard. He also worked as a fellow of Craniofacial Surgery at The Children\u2019s Hospital. Dr. Moses is the member of American Society of Plastic Surgeons (ASPS) and Fellow American College of Surgeons (FACS). He has hospital affiliation at Hedgewood Medical Center.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He has been practising surgery for more than twenty years. He is currently practising at Monmouth medical center and Jersey Shore university hospital. General and pediatric surgery are his areas of specialization. He is a recognized fellow in American Academy of Pediatrics and a member of American College of Surgeons. He has contributed to different medical publications Dr Saad Saad together with other doctors published a review on groin laparoscopy in pediatric patients and another on clear cell sarcoma that comes with neuroblastoma during infancy. His significant achievements and contribution in the medical field are his essential inventions of two medical devices.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He is MD from the Medical College of Virginia and a Resident of General Surgery from Louisiana State University School of Medicine. He also worked as a fellow of Plastic Surgery at the University of Florida and is the member of American Society of Plastic Surgeons (ASPS) and Fellow American College of Surgeons (FACS). Dr. Burden has hospital affiliation at Sacred Heart Hospital on the Emerald Coas", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Each year, he performs over 500 joint replacements. He was specialty trained in hip and knee replacement at Harvard Medical School's Brigham and Women's Hospital. He is a member of the American Association of Hip and Knee Surgeons (AAHKS), the specialty society for surgeons focused on hip and knee replacement. While in Boston, Dr. Hernandez gained tremendous experience performing complex joint replacements and revising failed joint replacements. He was further trained in techniques of partial knee replacement, anterior hip replacement, and hip resurfacing.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " During his career, Dr. Currier has been published in several professional journals and his current research interests include tissue engineering strategies for spinal issues. He also directs the Mayo Clinic's spine fellowship and is a member of the North American Spine Society.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Paletta graduated from Johns Hopkins University School of Medicine in 1988 and has been in practice for 30 years. He completed a residency at Wayne State University. Dr. Paletta also specializes in Sports Medicine and Neuromusculoskeletal Medicine & OMM. He currently practices at The Orthopedic Center of St Louis and is affiliated with Barnes-Jewish West County Hospital. Dr. Paletta accepts multiple insurance plans including Medicare, Blue Cross Blue Shield of Illinois and Anthem.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She was honored in 2015 as Community Clinician of the Year by her MMS peers of the Franklin District Medical Society and has been a voice for change in erasing the stigma associated with substance use disorder, advocating for treating it as a disease.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " His clinical interests include general neurosurgery, robotic spine surgery, as well as minimal access spine surgeries and in the management of degenerative spinal disorders. Know more information about his specialisation by visiting his website online. Book an appointment with him at 03 9639 3889.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She graduated from National College of Naturopathic Medicine in the year 2000, and also holds a degree as a medical laboratory technician. Dr. Harrison has been writing health and medical information for patients and clients for more than 10 years.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " She is happy in her solo practice and takes no psychiatric medication. Turns out her depression was environmental\u2014entirely related to the culture of medical education. Dr. Wible is author of Physician Suicide Letters\u2014Answered. View her TEDMED talk Why doctors kill themselves.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Dr. Toni, as she is known, has practiced 12 years in Chiropractic with experience in Family practice, Personal injury, Athletic injury, and Marketing.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " She completed a Master of Science program at the University of Guelph in 1993. Her focus of study was children's nutritional status in highland Ecuador. In 1996, Dr. Moore graduated from McMaster University medical school, and subsequently graduated from McMaster's Family Medicine Residency program in 1998.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He has been in private practice in the Detroit metropolitan area since 1980. His association with Birmingham Orthopaedics and Sports Medicine began in 2000. Dr. Salama is an active participant in the Orthopaedic Residency Training Program of Wayne State University.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Her extensive experience in general pediatrics has given her a very wide knowledge of all pediatric conditions and disorders. Clients can get help with a range of issues including ADHD, depression, anxiety, bipolar disorder, obsessive-compulsive disorder, autism spectrum disorder, and Asperger syndrome. Ms. Russell's passion is her patients, and her goal is to help each young patient to reach the best possible state of psychological well-being.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Ms. Esther Yan practices at Rejoice Wellness Clinic Pte Ltd \u559c\u4e50\u4e2d\u533b\u8bca\u7597\u6240 in Bishan, Singapore. She completed Diploma in TCM from Singapore College of TCM, Singapore in 2006. She is a member of TCM Council. Service provided by the her is: Back Pain Physiotherapy.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " She received her training at Midwestern University in Downers Grove, Illinois and has previously worked as a medical assistant in Florida and San Diego before relocating to Illinois. Shannon excels at explaining complex skin procedures and ensures patients feel confident and comfortable during each treatment.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " While her Brain Science Podcast focuses on neuroscience, her other show, Books and Ideas, often explores the intersection between science and religion. She is also the founder of sciencepodcasters.org, which is a site devoted to promoting science through podcasting.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He graduated from National University of Singapore in 1987 and attained his surgical Fellowships in Royal College of Surgeons of Edinburgh and Royal College of Physicians and Surgeons of Glasgow in 1992.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Bernardo C. Cueto practices at Makati Medical Center - Hall C Room No. 128 in San Lorenzo, Makati. He completed Doctor of Medicine from University of Santo Tomas in 1982. He is a member of Makati Medical Society and Philippine Medical Association. Some of the services provided by the doctor are: Kidney Transplant,Heart Transplant,Liver Transplant,Blood Transfusion and Bone Marrow Transplant etc.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He practices in Fpo, Armed Forces Americas and has the professional credentials of D.O.. The NPI Number for Brennan Joseph Shutt is 1689949448 and he holds a License No. 20A14186 (California).", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " When medically appropriate, he offers knee arthroscopy and other minimally invasive surgical techniques, which help minimize complications and reduce patient recovery times. Dr. Stamos became a doctor out of a desire to help people and chose to specialize in orthopedics because it allows him to make use of his mechanical aptitude. He strives to understand each patient\u2019s problem thoroughly and provide a smooth, seamless care experience. He keeps informed of the latest developments in his field through his work teaching orthopedic surgery residents as a Senior Clinician Educator at the University of Chicago Pritzker School of Medicine and teaching fellow surgeons on [...]", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She earned her medical degree from Santo Amaro School of Medicine in Brazil in 1986. Dr. Pina-Rodrigues completed pediatric residency programs at Hospital Infantil Menino Jesus and Kalamazoo Center for Medical Studies.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Dr. Curtis graduated from University of Alabama School of Medicine in 1987 and has been in practice for 31 years. He completed a residency at University of Alabama Hospital. He currently practices at Derrick Michael Johnson PA and is affiliated with Baptist Medical Center East, Baptist Medical Center South and Prattville Baptist Hospital. Dr. Curtis accepts multiple insurance plans including Aetna, Blue Cross Blue Shield of Alabama and Medicare. Dr. Curtis also practices at Southern Orthopaedic Surgeons in Montgomery, AL. In addition to English, Dr. Curtis's practice supports this language: Spanish.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Stephen H. Gallay is currently working at Gallay S Dr which is located at 601 Harwood Avenue South, Ajax, ON, L1S 3M1. He provides treatment of disorders affecting the bones (skeletal system) and surrounding muscles, joints and ligaments including sports injuries. With over [\u2026]", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Stewart graduated from University of Texas Health Science Center at Houston McGovern Medical School in 1979 and has been in practice for 39 years. He currently practices at Cesar A Chan Jr MD and is affiliated with Aurora Medical Center Kenosha. Dr. Stewart accepts multiple insurance plans including Aetna, Medicare and Humana. Dr. Stewart also practices at Advanced Healthcare Menomonee Falls Clinic in Menomonee Falls, WI.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He earned his Doctor of Dental Surgery degree in 1985 and went on to earn a Ph.D. in bone regeneration from McGill University in 1992. He excellent skills at dental surgery and breadth of knowledge have led to him being sought out for lectures and writing for publications around the world.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Conveniently located in Manhattan\u2019s Upper East Side, Dr. Berger constantly strives to make his patients wishes come true. He is the Assistant Clinical Professor of Plastic and Reconstructive Surgery at the Albert Einstein College of Medicine.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Joseph\u2019s Hospital and Medical Center. He is boardcertified in general surgery and colon and rectal surgery and a fellow of the American College of Surgeons and the American Society of Colon and Rectal Surgeons.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " With honors and receiving numerous awards, Dr. Bolitho attended the University of the Witwatersrand. He completed his residencies at the University of Cape Town in general and plastic surgery, and then proceeded to Oxford\u2019s Radcliffe Infirmary in the United Kingdom continuing in plastic surgery. His multiple plastic surgery fellowships included hand surgery at the University of Cape Town in South Africa, plastic surgery at Emory University in Atlanta, and surgical oncology at Emory University.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He obtained his medical degree through the Columbia University College of Physicians and Surgeons and was a practitioner there for 38 years.Currently he holds an executive director position at the American Board of Orthopaedic Surgery.In 2011 he was presented with the 2011 VOS Career Award.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " An alumnus of the prestigious Armed Forces Medical College, he obtained his masters from the same institution. He then went on to obtain higher surgical training in the field of Neurotology, Skullbase surgery and Cochlear implantation in James Cook University Hospital, UK.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She completed her residency in Internal Medicine and Pediatrics at the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill. Dr. Ekka received her medical degree from the University of Virginia School of Medicine in Charlottesville, Va. after earning her bachelor\u2019s degree in zoology from the University of Arkansas in Fayetteville, Ark. She is a member of the American Academy of Pediatrics, the American College of Physicians and the American Medical Association. In her free time, Dr. Ekka enjoys spending time with family and friends, traveling, playing guitar, singing, hiking and reading. She and her husband recently adopted their first child.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Recognizing that each individual\u2019s aesthetic needs and desires are unique, Dr. Bohley takes the time to get to know each one of his patients and to recommend the most suitable procedures. He personally explains the benefits and possible complications of all proposed treatments. In addition, Dr. Bohley encourages potential Portland cosmetic surgery patients to ask as many questions as possible. This unhurried, thoughtful approach helps patients make confident, educated decisions regarding their plastic surgery options.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She practices in Apo, Armed Forces Europe and has the professional credentials of M.D.. The NPI Number for Dr. Heather Ilene Blomeley is 1073620704 and she holds a License No. 35590 (North Carolina).", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " She graduated from Harvard Medical School and completed two residencies, one in surgery and one in obstetrics/gynecology. She was the chief resident at Mt. Sinai Hospital earlier in her career.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " His practice scope includes joint replacement and arthroscopy as well as general orthopedics, sports medicine, and upper extremity care. Dr. Musgrave strives to provide his patients an accurate diagnosis and discusses with them both nonoperative and operative options to relieve their discomfort and improve their function.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He has a particular expertise in correcting the complications of fractures such as non-union and mal-union, and has pioneered new techniques of post-deformity limb lengthening and deformity correction.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She has worked in Israel, Palestine, Sudan, Lebanon, Egypt and the Balkans. She has been a freelance journalist for Pacifica Radio for eight years. Her radio documentary, Israel and Palestine: The Human Cost of The Occupation, was nominated for The Peabody Award. Dr. Jilani\u2019s work has been published in The Guardian, The Independent, Newsweek, The Washington Post and McClatchy Newspapers.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " She practices in Gainesville, Florida and has the professional credentials of PA. The NPI Number for Mrs. Mary Rachel Hazan is 1376598565 and she holds a License No. PA9101614 (Florida).", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " She practices in Homer, Louisiana and has the professional credentials of NP. The NPI Number for Ms. Joan P. Cardin is 1003854746 and she holds a License No. AP02203 (Louisiana).", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " His clinical expertise includes minimally-invasive cardiac surgery, mitral valve repair, aortic surgery, and the surgical management of heart failure. Dr. Mandal serves as an associate professor of Surgery at the Johns Hopkins School of Medicine.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He received his medical degree from Indiana University School of Medicine and has been in practice for more than 20 years. He is part of the surgical group Lynch, Puccia, and Lueking.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Conway graduated from University of Louisville School of Medicine in 1976 and has been in practice for 42 years. He completed a residency at University of Louisville School of Medicine. He currently practices at Baptist Surgical Associates and is affiliated with Baptist Health Louisville, Jewish Hospital Shelbyville and Norton Audubon Hospital. Dr. Conway accepts multiple insurance plans including Aetna, SIHO Insurance Services and Medicare.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Graduated in Medicine and Surgery from the University of Granada, he has a brilliant background, highlighting courses abroad in the distinguished universities of London and Harvard. He is an active member of the Andalusian and Spanish Societies of Neurosurgery, with multiple scientific communications in the congresses of both societies. He has published numerous international studies and articles in scientific journals, and has also collaborated on chapters of various books on Neurosurgery. He combines these tasks with teaching, as he is a collaborating professor in the Department of Surgery at the Faculty of Medicine of the University of M\u00e1laga, in addition to being a Neurosurgeon at the Regional Hospital Universitario Carlos Haya in M\u00e1laga since 2000, and as head of the Unit of Neurosurgery at Vithas Hospital San Antonio Park in Malaga since 2008.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Joseph Hospital in Bloomington, Illinois. She also works part-time as an ISU Health Service M.D. and as an adjunct professor in ISU\u2019s Department of Biological Sciences, and she serves as Medical Director for the Pre-professional Mentorship Program at ISU. As such, Bohn not only volunteers her time to mentor ISU students considering a future in the medical world, but she also helps to administer the program.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Dr. Shahim practices at Neurological Surgery Associates and Arkansas Surgical Hospital, where he also serves on the Board of Managers. Dr. Shahim is board certified by the American Board of Neurological Surgery and is a member of the Pulaski County Medical Society. He received his Medical Degree in 1995 from the University of Arkansas for Medical Sciences and acquired his Neurosurgical Training at the University of Kentucky Medical Center in Lexington, Kentucky.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " A graduate of Yale University, the University of Pennsylvania, and Columbia University with degrees in biological psychology, medicine, and epidemiology, she has published forty-seven nonfiction articles and book chapters. She is fluent in Spanish and French, literate in Latin, and has a passable knowledge of Italian. Dr. Winawer lives with her spouse and their three young children in Brooklyn, New York. The Scribe of Siena is her first novel.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Dr. Flippin graduated from University of California San Diego School of Medicine in 2000 and has been in practice for 16 years. Dr. Flippin also specializes in Spine Surgery. He currently practices at Kaiser Medical Center and is affiliated with Kaiser Permanente Zion Medical Center. Dr. Flippin accepts multiple insurance plans including Medicare, Kaiser Permanente and Medicaid. In addition to English, Dr. Flippin's practice supports these languages: Tagalog, Polish, Russian and Spanish.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Adberg's main surgical interests are hysteroscopic myomectomy, polypectomy, and endometrial ablation, as well as laparoscopic management of ovarian abnormalities and laparoscopic hysterectomy. Dr. Adberg received her bachelor's degree from the University of California, Berkeley and her medical degree from Columbia University. She also received her Master's Degree in Public Health from Columbia University. She completed her obstetrics and gynecology residency at Cedars-Sinai Medical Center. Dr. Adberg is board certified by the American Board of Obstetricians and Gynecologists in Obstetrics and Gynecology", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " She is also Medical Director of Saxony Health Center since 2012 and is a Co-Medical Director for Hope Hospice. In addition, Dr. Godinez cares for patients in 6 long term care facilities in the northern Pittsburgh region. She is board certified in Family Medicine and graduated from The Lake Erie College of Osteopathic Medicine. Dr. Godinez has practiced ambulatory medicine for over 15 years and most recently, has shifted her practice to the geriatric, palliative and hospice fields.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Dr. Chilton received his Masters in Public Health degree from Columbia University in New York City. He subsequently attended medical school at the University of Rochester School of Medicine and Dentistry in Rochester, New York. He completed his neurosurgery residency at Georgetown University Hospital in Washington, D.C. in 1988 including training in pediatric neurosurgery at Childrens Hospital National Medical Center in Washington, D.C., training in neuropathology at the Armed Forces Institute of Neuropathology at Walter Reed Army Medical Center and training at the Atkinson Morleys Hospital in London, England. He completed board certification in neurosurgery in 1991 (Diplomate of the American Board of Neurological Surgeons).", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She went on to earn her Master\u2019s degree in Physician Assistant studies from George Washington University in Washington, DC. She is certified by the National Commission on Certification of Physician Assistants.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He received his medical degree from Michigan State University College of Osteopathic Medicine in 1994. He completed both his internship and orthopedic surgery residency at Michigan State University, McLaren Oakland, where he served as chief resident. After completing his residency in 1999, Dr. Nallamothu went into private practice with an orthopedic group before founding Michigan Center for Orthopedic Surgery in 2003.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He has a unique approach to owning and operating a business. Over the past few years, his firm has expanded. He is an aggressive marketer who continually promotes his services.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He practices at Apollo Spectra Hospitals, Colonelganj, Kanpur. He is a member of the Association of Surgeons of India (ASI) and the Asia Pacific Hernia Society.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He practices in Fpo, Armed Forces Americas and has the professional credentials of PA-C. The NPI Number for George F Cassidy Iii is 1245503903 and he holds a License No. 1102058 (Texas).", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " She has worked most of her life with minority patients who didn\u2019t trust the medical establishment, and has seen many incidents to confirm why the patients might be right.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He is the physician advisor to the local Celiac Sprue support group and is a published author and researcher who is developing a web based educational program for people suffering from food intolerances, visit thefooddoc.com for more information.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Chris was raised outside of Philadelphia in Chester County ,PA. He received his Bachelor of Science degree from Penn State University and a Master of Science in Physician Assistant Studies from Eastern Virginia Medical School (EVMS) in Norfolk. He recognized his interest in dermatology during his clinical rotation here at Pariser. He also has prior experience working as a PA in Emergency Medicine. Chris is a member of the American Academy of Physician Assistants (AAPA) and the Society for Dermatology Physician Assistants (SDPA).", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Carlos Multiple Sclerosis Institute at Shepherd Center. In her role, she discusses and manages treatment plans of patients with multiple sclerosis with the goal of optimizing her patient\u2019s quality of life. Garofalo received a bachelor\u2019s of science degree in education, specializing in exercise and sports science, from the University of Georgia, where she graduated cum laude. Garofalo earned a master\u2019s degree in physician assistant studies from Pace University\u2019s Lenox Hill Hospital Physician Assistant Program. She is a member of the American Academy of Physician Assistants (AAPA), the Georgia Association of Physician Assistants (GAPA) and is board certified by the National Commission on Certification of Physician Assistants.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He specializes in hip and knee related conditions, with particular interest in primary and revision procedures. He is fellowship-trained in hip and knee reconstruction, with additional specialty training in robotic and computer-assisted joint replacement surgery. He specializes in anterior hip replacement and muscle-sparing knee replacement to return patients more quickly back to their active lives.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Chen Jia Yi practices at Bao Zhong Tang TCM Centre in Novena,Singapore and formerly she was practicing in Shanghai LonghuaHospital. and Bao Zhong Tang Premium TCM Centre in Novena,Singapore. She completed B.M.S from Shanghai University College ofTCM.She is a member of Registered TCM Physician and Acupuncturist,Singapore TCM Practitioners Board and also a lecturer in multiple TCMinstitutions in Singapore including TCM College Singapore. With herextensive clinical and teaching experiences, her special interest is in thearea of dermatology/skin conditions, paediatrics, gynaecology andinternal medicine. Some of the services provided by the doctor are: TCM Consultation, Acupuncture andCupping, Customized Gaofang (paste medicine) etc.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He is a graduate of LSU School of Medicine and the prestigious Institute of Reconstructive Plastic Surgery at New York University School of Medicine. Dr McDonald has 20 years experience in performing and teaching Aesthetic and Reconstructive Surgery.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Sara completed her undergraduate degree from Eastern Michigan University (EMU) with a bachelors in Exercise Science and completed her Masters in Physician Assistant Studies at Wayne State University. Full Biography", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He is a fellow of the British and Irish Hypertension Society and lead clinician for the Peart-Rose Clinic, a tertiary referral centre for hypertension and cardiovascular risk factor management.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " For several years, customers have went to his practice from all through the entire Dominican Republic and also the United States and nearby countries. He's earned a very positive reputation as a result of his expertness, skills, and exceptional results.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She is affiliated with BayCare Physician Partners. Before completing her residency at Albert Einstein Medical Center, Philadelphia, Dr. Marshall attended medical school at MCP Hahnemann School of Medicine. Dr. Marshall's average rating from her patients is 4.0 stars out of 5. She honors Amerigroup, Coventry, and Aetna, as well as other insurance carriers.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Professor Gr\u00fcnwald specialises in Internal Medicine, Medical Oncology and Haematology. His main areas of research interest are in renal cell carcinoma, soft tissue sarcomas, head and neck cancers, with an emphasis on the development of molecular and immunotherapies.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Sundarason Rajaratnam practices at Hair Restoration & Aesthetic Clinic in Orchard, Singapore and Medora Clinic & Surgery in Paya Lebar, Singapore. He completed MBBS from University Of Melbourne in 1956,FRCS - General Surgery from Royal College of Physicians and Surgeons (RCPS), Glasgow in 1964 and FRCS - General Surgery from The Royal College of Surgeons (RCS), UK in 1965.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She practices in Abington, Pennsylvania and has the professional credentials of PA-C. The NPI Number for Mrs. Beth Anne Kelly is 1124214978 and she holds a License No. MA052682 (Pennsylvania).", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " In January 2017, Dr. Bui became the founder and CEO of Active Life Solutions with goals to promote health and wellness through active lifestyles. His clinical research includes the effects of good posture and non-surgical treatments for heel pain.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Patrick Hospital of Lake Charles and Lake Area Medical Center. He received his medical degree from Louisiana State University School of Medicine in New Orleans and has been in practice for 39 years. Dr. Kober accepts several types of health insurance, listed...", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He completed two fellowships, which provided him with advanced training in the surgical care and management of complex fractures and injuries to the musculoskeletal system as well as of the multiply injured patient. He believes strongly in a team-oriented approach to the care of trauma patients at PeaceHealth Southwest Medical Center and works closely with general surgeons, plastic surgeons, neurosurgeons, occupational and physical therapists, trauma case managers, and other medical specialists to provide coordinated comprehensive care for severely injured patients. He is a strident advocate not just for a patient\u2019s surgical needs but also for their rehabilitation, social, and personal needs. Dr. Kahn is an instructor and member of the AO North America trauma faculty.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She is a specialist in woman\u2019s health. She was interviewed in the Sharon Kleyne Hour radio talk show (www.voiceamerica.com) on November, 2, 2009. Continue reading \u2192", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Dr. Bennett graduated from State University of New York Medical Center College of Medicine in 1998 and has been in practice for 22 years. He completed a residency at The University of Chicago Medicine. He currently practices at Abdel-Misih Bennett Mds PA and is affiliated with St Francis Hospital and Christiana Care Christiana Hospital. Dr. Bennett accepts multiple insurance plans including TRICARE, Aetna and Medicare. Displaying the profile of a physician or provider on this website does not constitute or imply endorsement, recommendation, or favoring by the sponsoring hospital. The views and opinions of authors expressed herein do not necessarily state or reflect those of Trinity Health Corporation or any of its hospitals/ministries, and shall not be used for advertising or product endorsement purposes.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He has treated patients in the Atlanta area for over 25 years, and provides minimally-invasive MAKOplasty robotic procedures for hip and knee replacement surgery, as well as comprehensive arthritic care management.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He's also the doctor for the Milwaukee Brewers baseball team, and works with injured pitchers, helping them rehabilitate. He noticed that when they pitched on flat ground, they had few problems. But as they began throwing from the 25-centimeter high pitcher's mound, they started to have more problems.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Kulbersh graduated from Medical University of South Carolina College of Medicine in 2005 and has been in practice for 12 years. He currently practices at Carolina Facial Plastics Pllc and is affiliated with Caldwell Memorial Hospital. Dr. Kulbersh accepts multiple insurance plans including Aetna.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He has presented his clinical and research work at national and international medical meetings and has been awarded the St. Giles Young Investigator Award by the Pediatric Orthopedic Society of North America. Dr. Iobst is an invited speaker at national conferences on external fixation and limb deformity and has written numerous articles and book chapters; he\u2019s also an editor for the textbook Limb Lengthening and Reconstruction Surgery Case Atlas. Learn more about Dr. Iobst.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He is an innovator in the field of laser surgery for plastic surgery procedures and lectures and educates physicians worldwide in the use of lasers. He has also published numerous articles and scientific papers in the areas of laser surgery.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " In providing care, Dr. Erulkar tailors his treatments to the individual patient by correlating and considering medical history, physical examination, diagnostic imaging as well as work/social circumstances. He strives to guide and educate his patients through non-operative treatments as well as considering their surgical options. He is experienced in performing microdiscectomy, laminectomy, spinal fusion and instrumentation surgeries. In many cases, these can be performed using minimally invasive techniques which can reduce post- operative strain on the patient and minimize recovery times. Dr. Erulkar completed a combined Spine Surgery Fellowship at the New England Baptist [...]", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She earned a bachelor\u2019s degree in zoology in 1985 and a master\u2019s degree in zoology in 1986, both at the University of Idaho. She completed medical school at the University of Washington in 1990, and her residency at Family Practice Residency of Idaho in Boise. Dr. Burgess was on active duty with the U.S. Air Force from 1993 to 1996, serving as a major in the Medical Corps. She was president of the Idaho Medical Association in 2005-2006, and is a current member of the IMA board of trustees and an Idaho delegate to the American Medical Association.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " His specializations include Minimal Access & Metabolic Surgery Upper GI Surgery, Bariatric Surgery, Hernia Surgery, to list a few. He has done more than 1000 laparoscopic surgeries including lap hernia surgeries, lap GI surgeries and lap solid organ surgeries. Academically active Dr Nasir has earned multiple laparoscopic surgical training in various prestigious institutions of India.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Fuller graduated from Ohio State University College of Medicine in 1989 and has been in practice for 29 years. He completed a residency at Medical College of Ohio Hospital. He currently practices at Raymond D Fuller & Kenneth C Graffeo & Michelle Wood MDs and is affiliated with Grady Memorial Hospital and Morrow County Hospital. Dr. Fuller accepts multiple insurance plans including TRICARE, Aetna and Medical Mutual of Ohio. Dr. Fuller also practices at Grady Memorial Hospital Surgery in Delaware, OH.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He specializes in the treatment of hand conditions, including arthritis, nerve compression, fractures and lacerations. He also treats shoulder and elbow conditions, including diseases of the tendon such as tennis elbow and rotator cuff tears. He provides joint replacement surgery and offers minimally invasive surgery, including small joint arthroscopy. He seeks to make sure his patients understand their condition so they can be part of the treatment process. He is mindful that his job is not finished upon completing a patient\u2019s surgery, but extends through recovery. He chose to specialize in orthopedics because of the satisfaction he receives from returning patients to normal [...]", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She\u2019s just started her first job as an anesthesiologist at Deaconess Hospital in San Francisco, she\u2019s bought a new home, and she\u2019s engaged to be married. Life is good for Hannah until one morning at work when tragedy strikes. A patient under her care dies unexpectedly during a routine operation. An investigation into the case reveals the cause of death to be an error committed by Hannah. Wracked with guilt, she falls into a malaise of depression and self-reproach. Yet the more she ponders her alleged \u201cerror,\u201d the more she realizes that something about the way her patient died doesn\u2019t add up. Digging deeper into the records of the case, Hannah discovers a number of puzzling inconsistencies. She begins to suspect that someone has framed her for her patient\u2019s death. But who would do such a thing, and why? And, more importantly, if there was no error, then why did her patient really die that morning?", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He is certified by the American Board of Orthopedic Surgery. He received his medical degree with honors from the University of Maryland and performed residencies in General Surgery followed by a specialty in Orthopedic Surgery at Stanford University in Palo Alto, CA.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " For years, patients have went to his practice from all through the Dominican Republic and the United States Of America and neighboring countries. He has earned a very good reputation as a result of his expertness, skills, and excellent results.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Harris graduated from University of Colorado School of Medicine in 1989 and completed his residency in Otolaryngology / Head and Neck surgery in 1994. He is currently Clinical Instructor of Hair Transplantation at the University of Colorado Health Sciences Center, Department of Otolaryngology / Head and Neck Surgery, in Denver. Dr. Harris is a Diplomate of the American Board of Otolaryngology, the American Academy of Otolaryngology, and is a member of the International Society of Hair Restoration Surgery.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He also treats ankle instability, rotator cuff disorders, and shoulder instability. He completed a fellowship in Sports Medicine and Arthroscopy at Emory University following his residency in orthopaedic surgery at the Medical University of South Carolina. During his fellowship, Dr. Slone was a team physician for the Atlanta Falcons and the Georgia Tech Yellow Jackets. He is accepting new patients 10 years of age and older at MUSC Health locations in West Ashley, Mount Pleasant, and North Charleston.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He received his medical training at Finch University of Health Sciences, Chicago Medical School, and went on to complete a residency in General Surgery through Catholic Health Partners, Columbus Hospital. He also completed fellowships in plastic surgery at the University of Chicago Hospitals and an aesthetic surgery fellowship at Cleveland Clinic.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She writes about medicine and the doctor-patient connection for theNew York Times, and other publications. Her lectures to medical and general audiences are renowned for her use of dramatic stories (and avoidance of PowerPoint). Danielle is co-founder and Editor-in-Chief of the Bellevue Literary Review. the first literary journal to arise from a medical setting.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He is a graduate of the University of Adelaide Medical School (1980) and completed post-graduate training in Orthopaedic Surgery in Adelaide prior to undertaking post-fellowship training in Spinal Surgery in Nottingham, U.K. (1989/90). On returning to Adelaide in 1990, Dr Hall commenced in private practice and took up a role as Visiting Medical Specialist on the Spinal Unit at the Royal Adelaide Hospital. He was head of the Spinal Unit from 2005 to 2008 and continues as a Senior Visiting Medical Specialist. He also has visiting rights at the Women\u2019s and Children\u2019s Hospital.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Adel graduated from American University of Beirut Faculty of Medicine in 2004 and has been in practice for 13 years. He completed a residency at Northwestern University. He currently practices at St Marys of Michigan Neurosurgery PLLC and is affiliated with Healthsource Saginaw. Dr. Adel accepts multiple insurance plans including Aetna, Blue Cross Blue Shield of Michigan and Medicare.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She has been practicing in the dental care industry since past 7 years after acquiring her Bachelor's and Master's degrees from Rajiv Gandhi University of Health Sciences.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He has been selected as one of \"America's Top Plastic Surgeons\" by the Consumers' Research Council of America. Dr. Bulan has also received the Plastic Surgery Educational Foundation (PSEF) Certificate of Merit, the Clinical Research Award for his article entitled \"Health Benefits of Large Volume Liposuction\" and the American Medical Association Physician's Recognition Award. Dr. Bulan is committed to rejuvenating and enhancing patients' natural beauty by utilizing the most advanced plastic surgery technology and techniques.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He has an extended experience in the reconstructive treatment of bone and articular problems. He is working if necessary with plastic surgeons for soft tissue bone loss. He is member of the national study group for bone tumor and has regular meetings with colleagues involved in the field to discuss the most difficult cases. He participated in meetings and lectures concerning bone and soft tissue sarcomas under the responsability of the French orthopaedic society.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Hahn graduated from Loma Linda University School of Medicine in 2008 and has been in practice for 10 years. He completed a residency at Loma Linda University Medical Center. He currently practices at Acute Surgical Care Specialists, LLP and is affiliated with Medical City Plano. Dr. Hahn accepts multiple insurance plans including Aetna, Dental Network of America and Medicare. In addition to English, Dr. Hahn's practice supports this language: Spanish.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Kendra graduated Magna Cum Laude from State University of New York at Albany with a bachelor\u2019s degree in Psychology and Biology before completing her Physician Assistant training at Stony Brook University Physician Assistant program.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " She is the founder and medical director of Santa Cruz Integrative Medicine and Chi Center, where she specializes in holistic approaches to health and sexuality. The coauthor of The Multi-Orgasmic Couple, she lives in Santa Cruz, California, with her husband and three children.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " By all accounts he is a good man. Sometimes says some odd things. Can\u2019t win and will almost certainly drop out after the South Carolina Primary on Saturday.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He is an advocate of mouthgards as the optimal method for protecting the mouth from athletic-related harm. Not only do they prevent tooth and gum damage, but mouthgards also provide protection against concussions, hemorrages, facial and jaw fractures, and lacerations of the soft portion of the mouth.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He is a man alone and full of mystery, appearing in operating rooms to fulfill his tasks, while charging millions for his secret operations. He now is faced with his most difficult task to date and must challenge the limits of medical science... before it's too late! An extraordinary number of intellectual and athletic \"Superhumans\" have the world caught in awe, wonder, and excitement. These \"Superhumans\" far exceed the framework of common sense and possess the ability to outperform all of their rivals... but how did they get this way? Black Jack discovers the truth behind this unusual occurrence\u2026 a hideous conspiracy lurking behind this strange genetic phenomenon\u2026. and a dark secret that is about to endanger the existence of all mankind. ... more", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She has a passion for helping people overcome pain and improve physical function so they can live their lives without limitations. Her goal is to improve the lives of the people she works with and provide them with the skills they need to maintain their health and fitness for life.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " She practices in Concord, New Hampshire and has the professional credentials of PA-C. The NPI Number for Catherine Mary Marcucci is 1174801278 and she holds a License No. 1023 (New Hampshire).", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He attended college at the University of Virginia. Holterman currently works at Mariam Global Health. Holterman has experience and has been trained in clinical medicine and also basic science research as well. Holterman\u2019s passion is medicine, he is excited and continues to be determined to discover the ways that medicine can be changed worldwide. Currently the CEO and Chief Medical Officer of Mariam Global Health, Holterman has gained valuable experience over the years. Holterman has also done work as a Pediatric Surgeon at OSF Healthcare. He spent over six years working at OSF Healthcare in the Pediatric General Surgery in the children\u2019s hospital.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He specializes in general orthopedic surgery, specifically in minimally invasive surgical procedures such as arthroscopy, ACL repair, total hip replacement, and knee implants. He is also known for performing computer-assisted orthopedic surgery without image guidance.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He takes a holistic approach to his patients\u2019 orthopaedic problems, assessing each patient within the context of their medical and social circumstances.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He graduated from the University Clinic, Universidad de Navarra, Pamplona (Spain) in 1987. Dr. Restrepo's professional career has been dedicated to the study of knee and arthroscopic surgery. His expertise comes from private and public practice, as well as from his dedication to academic medicine. During the course of his career, he has held several teaching assignments, given numerous lectures and published a number of medical papers and studies. He has held the position of Vice Dean at the Universidad de la Sabana School of Medicine since July 1999. Dr. Restrepo has also been an International Affiliate Member of the American Academy of Orthopaedic Surgeons (AAOS) since 1997.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She practices in Fairbanks, Alaska and has the professional credentials of PA-C. The NPI Number for Angela Britt is 1467809699 and she holds a License No. 126904 (Alaska).", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He is board certified by the American Board of Facial Plastic & Reconstructive Surgery (ABFPRS) and the American Board of Otolaryngology \u2014 Head & Neck Surgery (ABOto) \u2014 one of a select few double board certified facial plastic surgeons. As a facial specialist, he does not treat any other area of the body. This specialization allows him to get the best results for patients with a wide range of facial shapes, features, and skin types. He is always on the cutting edge of the latest advancements.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " A North Brunswick, NJ native, she graduated from Rutgers University with a Bachelor of Arts in Psychology and a minor in Mathematics. Dr. Makwana earned her Doctor of Optometry from the Pennsylvania College of Optometry, where she graduated with honors. Dr. Makwana contributes her time and services to the BAPS Hindu organization which is involved in a number of charitable projects throughout New Jersey and the United States. Dr. Makwana enjoys yoga, outdoor cycling, and watching movies.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Dr. Heng Kok Wah practices at Sichuan Chinese Medicine Centre (Bedok Reservoir) in Bedok Reservoir, Singapore,Shu Kang TCM in Marine Parade, Singapore and Yuan Heng TCM in Changi, Singapore. He completed Diploma in TCM from Singapore Chinese Physicians' Training College, Singapore in 1978.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Consulting with her father, who was her partner in medical practice and the county coroner, inspired many of the macabre elements prevalent in her writing. A keen interest in politics, a passion for music, and a love of sports have called Dr. Vosler to sit on the boards of numerous charities and organizations, and to delight in traveling the world with her husband and their son and daughter.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " She has expertise in the diagnosis and management of a variety of skin disorders including but not limited to: acne, rosacea, psoriasis, various types of eczema, and skin infections. As a PA-C, Ashley is able to provide treatment for dermatological conditions- including prescription and surgical therapies, ordering and interpreting lab tests, and performing numerous cosmetic procedures. She practices under the supervision of Dr. Jennifer Reichel.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " She is an assistant professor of Pediatrics at The Ohio State University College of Medicine and serves as an Expert Educator. Dr. Liao attended medical school at The Ohio State University College of Medicine and completed her pediatric residency and chief residency at Nationwide Children\u2019s Hospital. She is board certified in pediatrics.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " In the 1980s, he had the opportunity of serving as a personal pediatric to the Saudi Royals. He operated from the King Faisal Specialists Hospital. This is a hospital that mainly serves the royal families in the Middle East. It\u2019s however used in rare cases to treat poor people who have complex ailments. While he was serving in this hospital, he had the opportunity to treat hundreds of people from poor backgrounds and the royal families. Dr. Saad happiness mostly came from serving the poor people. He remembered where he had come from when he was young and felt that he had an obligation to assist people from humble grounds.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She practices in Apo, Armed Forces Europe and has the professional credentials of M.D.. The NPI Number for Dr. Cristina Lynn Franchetti is 1811136690 and she holds a License No. 42147 (Arizona).", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He received his medical degree from the University of Toronto in 1976 and post-graduate training from the University of Toronto in 1981. He practices in Surgery with a specialty in General Otolaryngology (Head and Neck surgery), including thyroid/Parathyroid, Nasal & Sinus, Sleep Apnea assessment & treatment and snoring. He is an Adjunct Lecturer at University of Toronto.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He made his billions through revolutionizing the treatment of cancer with the first FDA-approved protein nanoparticle delivery for the treatment of breast cancer. The drug, called Abraxane, is now available in 40 countries and is being tested for its use with other cancers. Patrick co-holds 140 patents and has 440 patent applications worldwide. He has founded and sold two multi-billion dollar pharmaceutical companies.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He completed his Doctor of Dental Surgery from the University of Maryland. Certified by the American Board of Plastic Surgery, he is a member of American Society of Plastic Surgeons (ASPS).", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Lee graduated from Washington University-St.Louis (BA and MD) and completed his Plastic and Reconstructive Surgery residency at the University of Chicago. He then went on to a fellowship in Microsurgery and Hand Surgery at the Buncke Clinic, San Francisco. Dr. Lee has been on the full-time staff at the Buncke Clinic, clinical faculty at Stanford University and the University of California, San Francisco (UCSF). Dr. Lee is an Associate Clinical Professor of Surgery at UCSF and is the Chief of Plastic Surgery and Director of Reconstructive Microsurgery at St.Mary\u2019s Medical Center, San Francisco.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She received her biological chemistry degree from Bates College and her masters of science from the University of New England. Tania is fluent in English, Spanish and Portuguese. Tania works out of the Edwards office.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He provides the gamut of treatment options for very young children all the way to adults, including advanced techniques not widely available. Because he treats adults as well as children and has been in practice for more than two decades, Dr. Mardjetko is able to understand how a spinal condition will affect a child later in life and to provide treatment that keeps long-term outcomes in mind.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He has benefited from being able to work with a team of professionals who help him in achieving his goals every single day. The staff work hard to ensure that patients experience maximum comfort throughout the entire process, from initial consultation and surgery to recovery follow up visits after the procedure has been completed.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Jacob Rozbruch is known for his expertise in lumbar spinal stenosis, knee surgery, total patient care, and more. Jacob Rozbruch MD has been credited with building Beth Israel\u2019s orthopedic department into one of the largest in NYC.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He is also an active researcher and is interested in improving access to health care and studying trauma care across the globe. He has a strong passion for working with underserved communities, both nationally and internationally. He received a National Institutes of Health (NIH) Fogarty International Clinical Research Fellowship to take part in a two-year research project studying surgical care within rural health systems in Mozambique. His primary research focus involved trying to estimate the burden of surgical disease in Mozambique\u2019s rural settings. He has also conducted fieldwork for the NIH in Haiti.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He specializes in vascular surgery, and with his years of education and experience, can treat almost any malady related to the vascular system. John Karwowski is a respected and revered surgeon.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Raves graduated from University of Pittsburgh School of Medicine in 1976 and has been in practice for 42 years. He completed a residency at University of Pittsburgh Medical Center. He currently practices at Allegheny Surgical Associates and is affiliated with Allegheny General Hospital. Dr. Raves accepts multiple insurance plans including Aetna, Medicare and Humana. Dr. Raves also practices at Allegheny General Hospital Facial Plastic Surgery in Pittsburgh, PA.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He received his undergraduate degree from Cornell University and his medical degree from the State University of New York Upstate Medical University in Syracuse, where he graduated as a member of the Alpha Omega Alpha Honor Medical Society. Dr. Gray continued to an orthopedic surgery residency in Syracuse that was followed by a fellowship in sports medicine at the University of Tennessee where he was the orthopedic surgeon for all of the school\u2019s athletic programs.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He provides multidisciplinary care as a member of the neuro-oncology and skull base tumor teams. Dr. Horowitz uses endoscopic and open surgical approaches to the skull base, including advanced stereotactic and 3-D surgical planning for operative treatment and radiosurgery of both benign and malignant brain tumors. In addition to his specialization in neurosurgical oncology, he also provides general neurosurgical care, treating patients with a wide range of conditions, including hydrocephalus, head trauma, and spine pathology in adults and children.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He contributes to the International Cancer Genome Consortium through extensively characterising the genomic, transcriptomic and epigenomic aberrations in pancreatic cancer, and is extending this knowledge to a personalized model of cancer care, where molecular characteristics guide treatment decisions.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He specializes in breast augmentation, delivering beautiful and natural-looking results. He additionally performs facial cosmetic procedures, tummy tucks, and more.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She works in collaborative practice with Dr. Richard Hulsey and Dr. James Burke. Diagnosing and treating orthopedic injuries and assisting in surgery are just some of her duties at Orthopedic Associates.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " She is a graduate of Springfield College. Fran has a special interest in working with patients with prostate, bladder and kidney cancer. She is a member of the MAPPA, AUA, and NCCPA.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Being a certified expert for the California Medical Board, he plays an important role in ensuring the competence and integrity of surgeons throughout California professionally.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She graduated from Rocky Mountain College in 2014 with a Master of Science in physician assistant studies. Holly is currently practicing in an OB-GYN clinic in Central California, working with obstetric and gynecologic patients each day. Holly has expertise in prenatal education, physiological changes in pregnancy, and contraceptives. In her spare time, Holly enjoys cooking and baking, crafting, woodworking, and being outdoors with her sweet dachshund.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " The website specially designed for his patients to serve as an educational resource, providing comprehensive information on orthopaedic conditions & treatments. Please consider this website as an educational resource, and do not use it as a treatment guide or for decision making. All such decisions must be made in consultation with an orthopaedic surgeon or healthcare provider.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " His experience has included teaching positions with Major Medical Schools and Chairmanship of Major Committees for the American Medical Association and the American College of Emergency Physicians.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He offers breast and body surgery to patients in the general Vancouver area as well as Richmond, Surrey, Abbotsford, Langley, Port Coquitlam, and Port Moody.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He has focused his efforts on Alternative Payment Models, Interoperability Solutions, Graduate Medical Education, Work Force, and Surgeon Burnout (Emotional Well Being).", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " As he\u2019s standing in an airport store contemplating buying a tie, he meets handsome stranger, Carson Randall. After sparks fly, they both realize they want the same thing. They want more than just a passing meeting in an airport; they want a relationship.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Alhadeff graduated from University of Medicine & Dentistry of New Jersey Robert Wood Johnson Medical School in 1996 and has been in practice for 22 years. He completed a residency at Cleveland Clinic Health System. He currently practices at Oss Health and is affiliated with Memorial Hospital and York Hospital. Dr. Alhadeff accepts multiple insurance plans including Aetna, Medicare and Capital Blue Cross. Dr. Alhadeff also practices at Oss Orthopaedic Hospital in York, PA. In addition to English, Dr. Alhadeff's practice supports this language: Spanish.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " It consists of a screen and attachments for clinical exams such as a stethoscope or a special camera for examining skin lesions. Using a cellphone connection, this tool allows him to effectively assess and diagnose patients from anywhere that has access to one of these devices. Such technology could easily allow a physician to set up a boutique practice, offering wealthy patients from any country in the world special access to his services from the comfort of their homes. Instead, he uses the doctor-in-the-box and a type of robot with...", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Peden earned his medical degree at Washington University in St. Louis School of Medicine. He did his residency in orthopedic surgery at The George Washington University, Washington, DC. He also completed fellowship training in operative and non-operative care of the foot and ankle at Michigan International Foot and Ankle Center, Pontiac, MI.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Doug grew up and was educated in the Boston area (Harvard BA 1973), working as an inventor\u2019s assistant before medical school (Case Western Reserve, MD 1982), and orthopedic residency (Harvard, 1988). He replaced hips and knees in Eureka, California and Harrisonburg, Virginia until hanging up his scalpel in 2010.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " His practice focuses on all conditions affecting the arms with common conditions such as hand and wrist fractures, wrist arthritis, nerve problems such as carpal tunnel syndrome, rotator cuff tears, shoulder arthritis and shoulder replacements.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " His practice focuses on complex primary and revision hip and knee reconstructions, as well as less invasive total joint replacement surgery. Various services offered include:", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He is the Medical Director of Neurosciences at HCA Gulf Coast Division. He is also the Chief of Neuroscience at Clear Lake Regional Medical Center and serves as a Clinical Faculty of the Dept. of Neurosurgery of Baylor College of Medicine. Dr. Ghosh received his medical degrees from Calcutta National Medical College, India, completed his training and practiced as a General Surgeon for several years before he came to USA as a Ph.D. Student. He completed Post-doctoral fellowship from College of Physicians and Surgeons of Columbia University, NY and completed Neurosurgery training from Indiana University. Dr. Ghosh has been in independent neurosurgical practice for over 16 years.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " A Wyoming native, he completed his medical degree from Loyola University in Chicago and his Orthopedic Residency at Wright State University in Dayton, Ohio. He completed a sports medicine fellowship at the Kerlan-Jobe Clinic in Los Angeles where he helped care for the Los Angeles Lakers, Dodgers, Kings and Sparks in addition to the Anaheim Angels and Ducks. He is a member of the American Academy of Orthopaedic Surgeons and the American Orthopaedic Society for Sports Medicine.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He grew up in Houston TX. He completed his undergraduate degree from University of Dallas Irving, Texas and he received his medical degree from the Baylor College of Medicine, Houston TX.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He is a graduate of Biophysics (University of Western Ontario), medical school (University of Western Ontario), Family Medicine (University of Calgary) and Plastic & Reconstructive Surgery (University of Western Ontario). He has been engaged in clinical teaching and research as an assistant clinical professor at the University of Ottawa and at Queen\u2019s University. His clinical practice included the full spectrum of plastic, reconstructive and cosmetic surgery.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " BCH\u2019s safety data suggested that during day-to-day activity somebody is stuck with a sharp instrument (e.g., needle or a scalpel) about two times per week (90 to 100 times per year). \u201cSharps\u201d injuries are painful and risk transferring an infection from the patient to the effected nurse or doctor. Due to that infection risk, after a \u201cstick\u201d the patient\u2019s blood needs to be drawn and tested which requires parental consent, not something that already nervous parents really want to hear.Following good problem solving practice, Carlos focused his project on a subset of the problem, the number of times that a team member was stuck during a surgical procedure. His investigation revealed several significant departures from a regular reconciliation of activity and intent.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Staub specializes in spinal surgery and focuses on using the most advanced technology combined with the least invasive techniques available to treat his patients. Dr. Staub earned his Bachelor of Science degree in biology from the Emory University and completed his medical degree at the University of Texas Southwestern Medical School in Dallas. He then completed a surgical internship and neurosurgical residency at Houston Methodist Hospital. Upon completion of his residency, Dr. Staub finished an Orthopedic Spine Surgery fellowship at the Hospital for Special Surgery in New York focusing in complex spine and scoliosis surgery.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He practices in Apo, Armed Forces Americas and has the professional credentials of MD. The NPI Number for Michael Edward Nesemann is 1902882012 and he holds a License No. MD00018585 (Washington).", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " She is an author and international lecturer who has spoken in the United States, China, Russia, Croatia, Germany, Romania, and Zambia on women\u2019s health issues.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Laura was born in Arkansas and attended Arkansas State University where she received her Bachelors of Science in Biology and Bachelors of Art in World Language-Spanish. She is Arkansas born and raised, but has made Drummonds, TN her home. After experiencing the illness of her sister young in life, she realized that she wanted to be in the medical field to help others. Laura has made it her goal to provide compassionate and quality care to her patients. She believes in building a personal relationship with patients and the staff at Crosstown.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " She established a nonprofit human rights organization in 1997 that is an active NGO with the United Nations. She works with patients and communities, companies and individuals who choose to practice mediation, facilitation and conflict transformation. In addition to a solo medical practice, Dr. Jennings builds banjos and Appalachian instruments in her studio, Storygourd Workshop located in central Virginia. Her instruments have been distributed in Canada, the UK and USA. She is the descendant of Black Appalachian and Scottish farmers from the mountains of Kentucky\u2019s Cumberland Gap. Read more about Jennings work with the banjo in the Orange County Review (May 26, 2014).", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He is affiliated with numerous hospitals in the area, including Providence Hospital and Willis-Knighton Medical Center. He got his medical diploma from the University of Missouri-Kansas City School of Medicine and has been working for more than 20 years. He completed his fellowship program at the University of Texas Southwestern Medical School and two residencies, once in plastic surgery and one in general surgery. He is board certified in thoracic and cardiac surgery.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He is a distinction holder in MBBS and a gold medalist in post-graduation in orthopedic surgery from Mumbai, India. His patients include top international sportspersons and celebrities engaged in fitness activity.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She received her Master\u2019s in Physician Assistant studies from the UT Health Science Center in San Antonio Texas. She also has a double Bachelor\u2019s in Science and Health Care Sciences. When she is not working, she devotes her time to non-profit organizations in San Antonio including the Junior League of San Antonio, as well as spending time with her family and friends.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " She is known to have been one of the best in her medical class. She pursued an aesthetic surgery fellowship and the Eye Ear and Throat Hospital of Manhattan. She went back to her home city of Austin, Texas in 2011 to enable [\u2026]", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She practices in Apo, Armed Forces Europe and has the professional credentials of PA-C. The NPI Number for Ms. Heather Sevan Atamian is 1427200302 and she holds a License No. 1082394 (Georgia).", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " She specializes in the management of colon and rectal cancer and in the management of benign colon and rectal diseases. She also treats patients with pelvic floor dysfunction and inflammatory bowel disease (IBD), and manages anorectal disorders including fistulas, fissures and hemorrhoidal disease. One of her academic interests is inherited colon and rectal cancer syndromes. The goal of her research is to increase understanding about these rare syndromes and find better ways of diagnosing and treating people at higher risk for cancer. In her spare time, Dr. Wells enjoys cooking, horseback riding and spending time outdoors with her husband. Book an appointment with Dr. Wells today.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Dr. Riley graduated from the University of Texas with a bachelor of arts in biology and a bachelor of engineering science. He then furthered his studies at UT, receiving a master of science in biomedical engineering as well as his medical degree. He completed his orthopedic surgery residency at University of Texas Medical Branch, Galveston, Texas.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He is both British and American trained. In his practice in Central London, he offers all aspects of reconstructive and aesthetic surgery. Please browse through the website for more information.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Ku graduated from University of California Davis School of Medicine in 2000 and has been in practice for 17 years. He completed a residency at University of California - University of Utah. He currently practices at Joseph Ku, MD and is affiliated with Riverside Community Hospital. Dr. Ku accepts multiple insurance plans including Aetna, Medicare and Cigna. In addition to English, Dr. Ku's practice supports these languages: Spanish and Korean.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Koffler graduated from University of Miami Leonard M Miller School of Medicine in 1976 and has been in practice for 42 years. He completed a residency at Atlanta Medical Center. He currently practices at Barry Koffler MD and is affiliated with Northside Hospital. Dr. Koffler accepts multiple insurance plans including TRICARE, Aetna and Medicare.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Balazsy is considered a local hero by both residents and the media in Mount Clements, MI where he saved a patient from an scheduled amputation and helped him to walk again. This particular case was picked by Detroit Local 4 WDIV as seen in the video below.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " His patient base spans more than 20 states. Artistic abilities are gifts. Dr. Funk\u2019s gifts were recognized in his early years as a musician. His training in classical piano began at the age of five and continued into college, when he decided that medicine was his career passion.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He specializes in single incision laparoscopic surgery (SILS), and in multi-organ transplant (specifically, transplants of the liver, kidney, pancreas and small bowel). Dr Ravishankar is multilingual and speaks English, Tamil, Kannada, Hindi, and Marathi. He is accredited in Gleneagles Hospital, Mount Elizabeth Hospital, Mount Elizabeth Novena Hospital, and Parkway East Hospital.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Watson graduated from Louisiana State University School of Medicine New Orleans in 1965 and has been in practice for 52 years. He completed a residency at U S Department of Veterans Affairs.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Gordon graduated from Tufts University School of Medicine in 1976 and has been in practice for 42 years. He completed a residency at Christiana Care Health System. Dr. Gordon also specializes in Vascular Surgery. He currently practices at Central Carolina Wound Care and Hyperbarics and is affiliated with Central Carolina Hospital. Dr. Gordon accepts multiple insurance plans including Aetna, Medicare and Humana. Dr. Gordon also practices at Mid Carolina Surgical Clinic in Sanford, NC.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He is MD from the University of Maryland Medical School and a resident of General Surgery from Brown University. To gain knowledge of Plastic Surgery, he joined Harvard University as a Resident of Plastic Surgery. Certified by the American Board of Plastic Surgery, Dr. L. Pertsch is the member of American Society for Aesthetic Plastic Surgery (ASAPS) and American Society of Plastic Surgeons (ASPS).", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Finley specializes in the latest treatments for the ankle, back, elbow, foot, hand, hip, knee, neck, shoulder, spine, and wrist. His surgical expertise includes joint replacement and revision, knee arthroscopy, and general bone, joint, and muscle procedures.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " A native of Dar-es-Salaam, Tanzania, Dr. Sachedina earned his degree in dental surgery from the University of London\u2019s Guy\u2019s Hospital Medical and Dental School in 1975. Since that time he has developed a track record as a highly skilled, caring, dental professional able to handle even the most complex dental problems. In addition to his work in dentistry, since 1998 Dr. Shafik Sachedina has also been co-chairman of the award-winning health services company Sussex Healthcare.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He is also the Chief Executive Officer at Mariam Global Health, a position he has held for the last five years. Mark has been an active supporter of the International Pediatrics Specialists alliance for the Children of Vietnam (IPSAC-VN). The Alliance has been working to develop sustainable pediatric medicine for the children of Vietnam.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He specializes in sports medicine injuries of the knee, shoulder, ankle, and elbow. He also performs arthritis surgery of the knee and shoulder, including joint replacement surgery. Dr. Rodeo is Associate Team Physician for the New York Giants and has taken care of the team through four Super Bowl appearances", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She is trained in all aspects of general and cosmetic dermatology. Although her focus is medical dermatology, she has had extensive training in BOTOX\u00ae, JUV\u00c9DERM\u00ae, and RADIESSE\u00ae injections. She also performs sclerotherapy.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " As well as writing for the New York Times, he is also author of Better and Complications, the latter of which was a National Book Award finalist. In 2010, Gawande was named one of the world\u2019s 100 most influential thinkers by TIME magazine.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He is a graduate of the National College of Naturopathic Medicine in Portland, Oregon from which he received his Doctorate of Naturopathic Medicine (N.D.) degree in 1988. His premedical training was done at Albright College where he received his Bachelor of Science in PsychoBiology along with a Cluster in Hispanic Studies in 1984. From 1981 to 1984, while in college, he worked at the St Joseph Hospital in Reading, Pennsylvania as Laboratory Technical Assistant and Phlebotomist.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He loves his work, but with the long hours he works he barely leaves the hospital. He wants a break from the hectic city life and decides to build a getaway retreat in the woods. He needs an architect, his builder mentions Chester Jones.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " After completing his graduation at University of Hong Kong, he worked at several neurosurgery centers in Hong Kong during Neurosurgical training, and completed the fellowship of FRCSEd (SN) in 2014. His current clinical and research interest includes \u201cTraumatic brain injury, skull base surgery, neuro-endoscopy, and minimal access brain and spine operations\u201d. He is also interested in implementing information technology in postgraduate training and medical practice.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " His two memoirs, published over the last few years, document the ups and downs of his career and his transition - sometimes uneasy - to a life of somewhat discontented retirement. Along the way he works to assist neurosurgical colleagues in the Ukraine and Nepal, not always with entirely positive results. Throughout the memoirs, Marsh is tormented by difficult ethical considerations, constantly balancing the risks of surgery against the likely outcomes and the anticipated quality of life.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Locke\u2019s work focuses on an integrative evidence approach to improving people\u2019s lives in both her practice and in her formulation of new natural products based on scientific evidence. Dr. Locke\u2019s passion is helping people in her practice and in the development of new natural products to help her patients and the general public live better, longer, healthier lives.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Dr. Ludkowski performs total hip and total knee replacements, partial knee replacements and torn meniscus (knee cartilage) repairs. He uses muscle sparing minimally invasive techniques such as arthroscopy in order to reduce pain and speed recovery. Dr. Ludkowski also offers advanced forms of post-operative pain management.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He has published in several literary journals in the USA and Canada. He grew up in southern Ontario nevermore than a block away from the Great Lakes. After a 30 plus year career in academic medicine he completed an MFA in poetry at National University. In addition to the journal publications he has two chapbooks Numbered Bones by Accents publishing and The Taste of Summer Lightning by Finishing Line Press. He lives with his wife and indispensable proof reader Sharon and their two children with three grown children. Water has become the current theme of a lot of his writing and a full manuscriptBefore Pangaea is in preparation.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " A practicing vascular neurologist, she has clinical expertise in stroke prevention, acute stroke treatment, sex differences in stroke, and outcome assessment. She is chair of the department of Neurology and heads the Cerebrovascular Research Group at the McGovern Medical School.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He practices in Rapid City, South Dakota and has the professional credentials of . The NPI Number for Kenneth Vogele is 1417986522 and he holds a License No. 2107 (South Dakota).", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " His clinical expertise includes aortic valve surgery, TAVR, coronary artery bypass grafting, mitral valve surgery, thoracic aortic surgery, thoracoabdominal aortic surgery, and minimally invasive/robotic procedures. Dr. Schaffer graduated from the Johns Hopkins University School of Medicine and is a member of Alpha Omega Alpha Honor Medical Society. He completed his residency and fellowship in Cardiothoracic Surgery at Stanford Hospital and Clinics. While there, he received recognition for his outstanding work, including the President's Award from the Society of Thoracic Surgeons and the Norman E. Shumway award from the Western Thoracic Surgical Association. Dr. Schaffer's office is located in the professional office building on the campus of The Heart Hospital Baylor Plano. He is currently welcoming new patients.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She received her Bachelor of Science from the University of Michigan. She then went on to receive her medical degree from Jefferson Medical College in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. Upon graduating from medical school, Dr. Lasichak then completed her residency at Geisinger Medical Center in Dansville, Pennsylvania.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He received his medical degree from Yale University School of Medicine and has been in practice for more than 20 years. Dr. Gordon Sasaki was elected President of The Aesthetic Stem Cell Society (2017) and received the \"Best 2017 Cosmetic Surgeon in the San Gabriel Valley\" as well as one of \"The Top Aesthetic Plastic Surgeons in LA\" voted by his peers and the community.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She is involved in teaching medical students, residents and colleagues. She is an Assistant Professor and part-time researcher in the Department of Family and Community Medicine, University of Toronto. Her area of research interest is in postgraduate and continuing education. Dr. Telner has been extensively involved in the development of online clinical modules for primary care providers.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He is also an innovator in his industry. His reputation is impeccable, and he strictly adheres to medical safety practices in the industry of gluteal augmentation. His approach encompasses careful examination of detail as is supported by science. He has an exemplary understanding of muscle systems, fat and skin. He has been developing specific surgery types for eight years and recognizes there is room for improvement. The problem with gluteal augmentation in the past was most implants were generic and incompatible with the muscle structure.Dr. Mark Mofid decided to find something new and spent numerous hours designing, researching and brainstorming. He eventually designed a gluteal implant th...", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He is a surgeon for knee, elbow, and shoulder injuries and is a specialist in repairing damaged ligaments. James Andrews, M.D. an orthopedic surgeon who has a net worth of $10 million. James Andrews earned his net worth from his successful medical practice in Birmingham, Alabama. The Andrews Sports Medicine & Orthopedic Center is located at St. Vincent's Medical Center in Birmingham. Dr. Andrews also practices at the Andrews Institute for Orthopedics & Sports Medicine in Gulf Breeze, Florida. He is one of the most renowned orthopedic surgeons in his profession for knee, elbow, and shoulder injuries, and he has been credited with performing some of the earliest arthroscopies. The Andrews-Paulos Research & Education Institute focuses on research and education on prevention of injuries in various types of athletics.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Chacko graduated from Andhra Medical College, Andhra University in 1967 and has been in practice for 50 years. He completed a residency at Westchester Medical Center.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She graduated from University of Michigan with a focus on the interface between science and society. She earned her medical degree from Michigan State University College of Human Medicine, where she was awarded the Bernard Baruch read more", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Dr. Franco Tavazzani is currently working at Dr. Franco Tavazzani which is located at 2140 North Park Dr, Brampton, ON, L6S. Dr. Franco Tavazzani provides treatment of disorders affecting the bones (skeletal system) and surrounding muscles, joints and ligaments including sports injuries. He is rated [\u2026]", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " His treatments have helped a number of patients enjoy improved bodies. Based in the Scottsdale area, he continues to be dedicated to the goal of helping patients achieve greater than anticipated results and recover their youthful radiance.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Chilton received his Masters in Public Health degree from Columbia University in New York City. He subsequently attended medical school at the University of Rochester School of Medicine and Dentistry in Rochester, New York. He completed his neurosurgery residency at Georgetown University Hospital in Washington, D.C. in 1988 which included training in pediatric neurosurgery at Children\u2019s Hospital National Medical Center in Washington, D.C., training in neuropathy at the Armed Forces Institute of Neuropathy at Walter Reed Army Medical Center and training at the Atkinson Morley\u2019s Hospital in London, England. He completed board certification in neurosurgery in 1991 (Diplomate of the American Board of Neurological Surgeons).", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She is a native of Scottsdale, AZ and a graduate of Paradise Valley High School. She received her B.S. degree in Physiological Sciences from the University of Arizona. Prior to graduate school, she worked in Physical Therapy and as a Certified Personal Trainer. It was at this time that she discovered her passion for the art of natural healing through Chiropractic Medicine. Read More", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He is MD from the University of Texas and a resident of Plastic Surgery from McGill University. He also worked as a fellow of Hand Surgery. Certified by the American Board of Plastic Surgery, Dr. Fleming is also the member of American Society of Plastic Surgeons. Dr. X. Fleming has hospital affiliations at Kadlec Regional Medical Center.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He attended medical school at Creighton University in Omaha, Nebraska, and completed a general surgery residency at the University of Iowa Hospitals & Clinics in Iowa City, Iowa, followed by a plastic surgery residency at Tulane University Medical Center in New Orleans, Louisiana. He is knowledgeable in the treatment of facial rejuvenation, body contouring, breast cancer and breast reconstruction, and various other specialties.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " The 28-year veteran said he was pleased to be a part of building the playground. \u00e2\u20ac\u0153It\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s a privilege to be able to give something like this playground for children so deserving for them to play safely and also an accessible playground for handicapped children.\u00e2\u20ac\u009d", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Prideaux is an Assistant Professor in the College of Medicine. She is board certified in PM&R and subspecialty certified in Sports Medicine. Clinical interests include concussion and post-concussion syndrome, the female athlete and back pain in athletes. She received her medical degree from the University of Colorado in Denver, Colorado and completed her residency training in PM&R at Mayo Clinic in Rochester, Minnesota. She received fellowship training in Sports Medicine at the University of Utah in Salt Lake City, Utah.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He has also obtained professional memberships in a variety of medical academies and colleges across the United States. He specializes in all kinds of facial plastic surgery.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Morcuende received his medical education and training from the University Autonoma of Madrid with an additional residency in Orthopedic Surgery here at University of Iowa Hospitals and Clinics.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " A 1999 graduate of Rocky Mountain College\u2019s physician assistant program, Jones previously worked at St. Vincent Healthcare in Billings developing their medical and surgical bariatric program. Before earning her PA degree, she worked at St. Peter\u2019s Hospital in Helena and at Bozeman Deaconess Hospital as a clinical dietitian. Jones also teaches human nutrition Montana State University-Billings. She is certified as a physician assistant and as a diabetes educator.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He is accredited and recognised as a specialist plastic, reconstructive and aesthetic surgeon by the Singapore Ministry of Health. He obtained his Bachelor of Medicine and Surgery from the University of Aberdeen, Scotland in 1992. Dr Tham proceeded with his basic and advanced specialty training in plastic surgery with the Singapore General Hospital and was admitted as a Fellow of the Royal College of Surgeons (Ireland) in 1999. He is also a Fellow of the Academy of Medicine (Singapore) and a committee member for the Singapore Chapter of Plastic, Reconstructive and Aesthetic Surgeons.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Joseffer specializes in the application of minimally invasive surgical procedures where applicable. He has advanced training and experience in cranial and spinal surgery.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Palumbo, MD and Alan H. Daniels, MD. She spends her time both in the office seeing patients as well as assisting in the operating room alongside Dr. Palumbo and Dr. Daniels.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He's competent, successful, well-liked, defeated a bout of alcoholism a few year back, and has everything on track once again. But a relationship with the child of a former patient will derail this idyllic existence in the strangest of ways. Martin is an odd boy, someone who follows Steven where ever he goes, since the death of his father, perhaps replacing a lost loved one with a suitable stand-in. It's harmless at first, how much Martin needs Steven, how much he wants him to come to his house, meet him at a diner, go for drives, invite him over, buy him presents. It's simply not a situation that can last, and when it begins to change, Martin makes sure that Steven is punished.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She practices in Anniston, Alabama and has the professional credentials of MD. The NPI Number for Monica Handy Crawford is 1225243603 and she holds a License No. 26668 (Alabama).", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " His practice encompasses adult and pediatric spinal surgery with a focus on minimally invasive procedures. Dr. Mathur performs cutting edge procedures to treat spinal pathology. Prior to him coming to Cary Orthopaedic in North Carolina, Dr. Mathur had been an Assistant Professor...", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He is Founder & President of the Cornerstone Foundation, and Asociaci\u00f3n Piedra Angular de Houndaras, Founder and Director of Loma de Luz in Balfate Col\u00f3n, Honduras\u2013 a Christian Mission Hospital, Foster Children\u2019s Home, Bilingual School & associated ministries.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Kevin Kaity Sng practices at K K Sng Colorectal & General Surgery in Novena, Singapore and K K Sng Colorectal & General Surgery in Tanglin, Singapore. He completed MBBS from University Of Newcastle Upon Tyne, Uk in 1998,FRCS - General Surgery from Royal College Of Surgeon Of Edinburgh, Uk in 2010 and M Med from National University of Singapore, Singapore in 2011. He is a member of Singapore Medical Council. Some of the services provided by the doctor are: Perianal Abscesses,Skin Abscesses,Hernia Repair Surgery,Haemorrhoid and Stoma Surgery etc.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He is also associated with many renowned medical facilities where he renders his services as a laparoscopic surgeon. He is a specialist in minimally invasive surgeries and general surgical procedures which he handles with the utmost care and promises on delivering the best services. After completing his MBBS Dr Reddy had a keen interest in surgery which allowed him to attain his DNB in general surgery and FBMS later expertising in laparoscopic procedures.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Bennett has a passion working to empower people to take control of their own health through natural medicine. In late 2015, Dr. Bennett will be joining Columbia Gorge Community Wellness in Troutdale, OR. She is a board certified naturopathic physician and a member of the Oregon Association of Naturopathic Physicians. Dr. Bennett is a graduate of the National College of Natural Medicine, in Portland, Oregon. She is originally from the Metro-Detroit area of Michigan, where she earned her bachelor\u2019s degrees in Psychology and Women\u2019s Studies. In her spare time, Dr. Bennett enjoys running, traveling, cooking, crafting, and spending time with her husband, Shane, their son, Isaac, and their dog, Kasha.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He earned his medical degree at Laval University in Quebec City, Canada, and completed his orthopedic surgery residency training there as well. He received fellowship specialty training in pediatric and adult limb lengthening and deformity correction here at the International Center for Limb Lengthening. Most recently, Dr. Assayag completed additional fellowship specialty training in adult foot and ankle and limb reconstruction at the Hospital for Special Surgery in New York. He is a Fellow of the prestigious Royal College of Surgeons of Canada.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She has extensive prior experience as a telemetry nurse in the hospital setting. Kiersten advocates a healthy lifestyle and enjoys counseling patients regarding risk factor modification including diet and exercise. She is a member of the California Association of Physician Assistants and the American College of Cardiology.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He completed a fellowship in cerebrovascular and skull base neurosurgery under Johnny Delashaw, MD, at the Swedish Neurological Institute, Seattle, WA, and completed his residency in neurological surgery at Henry Ford Hospital, Detroit, MI. He completed an enfolded pediatric neurosurgery rotation at Children's Hospital in Boston, Boston, MA. He received his medical degree from the Medical College of Wisconsin, Milwaukee, WI.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He serves as the Director of the Center for Joint Preservation and Replacement at the Rubin Institute for Advanced Orthopaedics. He also works as a Clinical Instructor of Orthopaedic Surgery at the Johns Hopkins School of Medicine.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She practices in Saipan, Northern Mariana Islands and has the professional credentials of M.D.. The NPI Number for Dr. Jeanolivia Dean Grant is 1497994008 and she holds a License No. 468 (Northern Mariana Islands).", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He graduated from the University of Birmingham in 2001 and undertook specialist surgical training throughout the South West in general and upper GI surgery. Sam was awarded a PhD in cancer biology from the University of Birmingham and his doctoral research was supported by the highly competitive Cancer Research UK Clinical Fellowship. Sam has also undertaken Fellowships in Sarcoma Surgery at the Istituto Nazionale dei Tumori in Milan and as the Royal College of Surgeons Sarcoma Fellow in Birmingham.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He is a native of Indianapolis, IN, attended the Benjamin Banneker Honors College at Prairie View A & M University and went to medical school at the Indiana University School of Medicine.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He has practiced medicine in the states of New York, California, Indiana, and Iowa. He recently earned a Certificate of Distinction from the Indiana State Medical Association for fifty years of medical practice. He studied medicine at Howard University and undergraduate studies at City College of New York. He published his first novel, Bones of Contention, in June 2018.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She practices in Apo, Armed Forces Europe and has the professional credentials of M.D.. The NPI Number for Dr. Heather Marie Barbier is 1780656629 and she holds a License No. MD.200521 (Louisiana).", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He also cares for patients with cervical stenosis or myelopathy -- conditions in which the spinal cord and nerves become compressed in the neck. In addition, Dr. Mok has expertise in cervical and lumbar disc replacement.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " His dedicated service of 28 years in a MOH hospital, commitment, excellent work ethics and professionalism were acknowledged with an award from MOH, UAE in 2014 and 2015. https://bakshiortho.com/", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He was lucky enough to grow up in the community he now serves, having graduated from Troy High School in Fullerton and from California Polytechnic State University in San Luis Obispo. After receiving a medical degree from Baylor College of Medicine in Houston, he returned to southern California for a residency at Loma Linda University Hospital and specialty training at Kaiser Permanente in Irvine.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " A native of Port Huron, MI, she earned a BA in Health Education with a minor in Nutrition from Northern Michigan University. Those long cold winters sent her packing to medical school in Glendale, Arizona, where she graduated magna cum laude from Arizona College of Osteopathic Medicine in 2009. She spent her two years of clinical rotations traveling the country: from Yuma, Arizona to Rhode Island, from southern Florida to the UP. During an elective rotation she fell in love with Traverse City.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " From 2003 to 2009 he was Editor in Chief of the EJSO, the European Journal of Surgical Oncology, and from 2008 to 2010 he sat on the Executive Board of COPE, the Committee on Publication Ethics. In 2009, he was invited to join the independent and international Scopus Content Selection Advisory Board as the Subject Chair for Medicine. He has made a significant contribution to the work of the board and particularly to the introduction of a common and universal strategy on Publication Ethics and Malpractice, which is now applied to all journals on accession to the Scopus system.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She also has had specialized training in applied epidemiology and public health practice through the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention\u2019s Epidemic Intelligence Service Program.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He is MD from the West Virginia School of Medicine and a Resident of Plastic Surgery from Vanderbilt University School of Medicine. He is also the member of American Society of Plastic Surgeons (ASPS) and Fellow American College of Surgeons (FACS). Dr. S. Zahir has hospital affiliations at Inova Fairfax Hospital, Woodburn Surgery Center and Suburban Hospital.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Through her work, she understands the value of Learning Buddies Network\u2019s mission to inspire young students to learn and to foster leadership in student volunteers. She is proud to be a board member since 2008. Furthermore, all three of her children had been involved with Learning Buddies Network in senior positions for many years.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Dr. Benedetti is a prominent leader in organ transplantation and in the use of robotic-assisted techniques in transplantation. He has to his credit many successful surgical firsts, including the first robotic donor nephrectomy for a living-donor kidney transplant, the first combined living-donor liver and bowel transplant from an adult to an infant, the first robotic combined kidney and pancreas procurement for a living-donor transplant, and the largest series of living-donor intestinal transplants in the world. Dr. Benedetti is Professor and Head of Surgery and the Warren H. Cole Chair in Surgery.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " As a member of the American Society of Aesthetic Plastic Surgery, Dr. Kovanda has been shown to have attained the highest level of achievement in the areas of cosmetic surgery training, continued education, and clinical experience. With extensive experience and his office in Edina, Dr. Kovanda is a premier Minneapolis / St Paul area cosmetic surgeon.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He specializes in using minimally invasive surgical techniques in the treatment of advanced arthritis of the hip. To learn more about the benefits of hip resurfacing, make an appointment with Dr. Kruse at his Coon Rapids office at (763) 786-9543.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Lin graduated from State University of New York at Buffalo Jacobs School of Medicine & Biomedical Sciences in 2003 and has been in practice for 10 years. Dr. Lin also specializes in Hand Surgery. He currently practices at Salinas Valley Orthopedics & Sports Medicine and is affiliated with Community Hospital of the Monterey Peninsula. Dr. Lin accepts multiple insurance plans including Aetna, Cigna and Blue Cross of California. Dr. Lin also practices at Central Coast Brain & Spine Associates in Monterey, CA. In addition to English, Dr. Lin's practice supports this language: Spanish.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She has more than 20 years of clinical experiences in diagnostic imaging applying to many diseases and disorders. Her post-doctoral research was mostly in MRI applications in various disease models, particularly cancer models.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He does all aspects of operative and nonoperative care. His interests include sports medicine and arthroscopy, arthritis, tendonitis, deformity correction, and trauma. His goal is to help patients improve the quality of their lives through education and appropriate interventions. In his free time, Dr. Crary enjoys hiking, skiing, and traveling with his family. More at https://www.reboundmd.com/doctors/jay-l-crary-md", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Melancon graduated from Tulane University School of Medicine in 1996 and has been in practice for 22 years. He completed a residency at Lsu Health Sciences. He currently practices at Georgetown University Hospital Neurology Dept and is affiliated with The George Washington University Hospital. Dr. Melancon accepts multiple insurance plans including Aetna, Medicare and Cigna. Dr. Melancon also practices at Frederick Lough MD in Washington, DC. In addition to English, Dr. Melancon's practice supports these languages: Spanish, Vietnamese, Korean, French and German.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He caters to the local communities of Staten Island and New York, NY and practices at Regional Orthopedics. He is an experienced professional who holds certification by the American Board of Orthopaedic Surgery. Dr. Katz finished his medical training at the University of Michigan. He then went on to gain practical expertise by completing a residency in orthopedic surgery at the Albert Einstein College of Medicine of Yeshiva University, Bronx-Lebanon Hospital Center. Dr. Katz is a member of esteemed organizations like the American College of Surgeons and the American Academy of Orthopaedic Surgeons. Passionate and an expert, he has years of experience. He holds himself to the highest standard of care and is dedicated to creating a positive patient experience for every individual.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He specializes in spine surgery, with clinical interests in spinal tumors, cervical spine deformity and lumbar deformity. Dr. Siddique completed a neurosurgery residency at University of Illinois College of Medicine at Peoria and a spine surgery fellowship at Los Angeles-based Cedars-Sinai Medical Center.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She attended Syracuse University for her bachelor of science in Nutrition and Dietetics. She, then, went on to Massachusetts College of Pharmacy and Health Sciences where she earned her master\u2019s degree in Physician Assistant Studies. Trisha assists Dr. Williams in surgery as well as in clinic and hospital settings. In her free time she enjoys spending time with her family, yoga and traveling.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " She has experience in both the primary care and urgent care setting and enjoys improving her patients\u2019 quality of life by providing individualized, evidence-based medical care. Dr. Rochet\u2019s areas of expertise include:", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " However, his scheme was allegedly thwarted by the gorillas who somehow transplanted his head onto a gorilla's body.[6] He is a member of the Headmen and fought with the Defenders on several occasions.[7][8][9] Upon his release from prison, he attacked Power Man, who was temporarily de-powered.[10] He is a former member of the Lethal Legion.[11]", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He specializes in thoracic and pediatric surgery and is affiliated with multiple local hospitals. He graduated from Cairo University School of Medicine in 1971 and is a recipient of two awards.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " The author of A Matter of Life & Death: Stories to Heal Loss & Grief and The Loss & Grief Survival Guide, Dr. Wyatt has written and lectured extensively on end-of-life issues with emphasis on the spiritual aspect of illness and dying. She is the recipient of numerous awards for her volunteer work and for the thousands of hours of compassionate care provided to her patients, including the Spirit of the American Woman award.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He has vigorous training in aesthetic and reconstructive surgery and uses this training to help his patients reach their goals. He approaches each patient as a whole and considers both their physical and mental health. On websites like Patients\u2019 Choice and UCompareHealth, he is consistently given almost perfect ratings from his patients for both the procedure and his bedside manner.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " His reputation for adhering to safety standards to ensure that his patients are in good hands has earned him the trust of many in the industry. Many plastic surgeons will do whatever their patients ask as long as they [\u2026]", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Fay earned her Master of Science in Physician Assistant Studies from the University of St. Francis in Albuquerque. Fay earned her Master of Science in Traditional Chinese Medicine from the International Institute of Chinese Medicine.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Ms. Zhao Gang practices at Singapore College Of Traditional Chinese Medicine in Kallang, Singapore. She is a member of Singapore Chinese Physician Association. Service provided by the her is: Back Pain Physiotherapy.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Dr. Dayan graduated from University of Vermont College of Medicine in 2002 and has been in practice for 10 years. He currently practices at Memorial Sloan Kettering Cancer Center and is affiliated with Mount Sinai Beth Israel Brooklyn. Dr. Dayan accepts multiple insurance plans including Aetna, MVP Health Plan and Medicare. Dr. Dayan also practices at Childrens Hospital New York in New York, NY.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He discuss and offer both vasectomy reversal and sperm extraction as part of an IVF cycle as a legitimate alternative to vasectomy reversal. He also offer a complete and honest discussion on the management alternatives and provide realistic statistics on pregnancy rates.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She practices in Anchorage, Alaska and has the professional credentials of MD. The NPI Number for Chris Glenn is 1457315533 and she holds a License No. 8122 (Alaska).", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Based in Dallas, he is known for bringing back the youthfulness of face and body with his unique artistic skills. Per the latest information, Dr. Rohrich has a busy year ahead in 2018 with multiple symposia around the globe. He will attend the Baker Gordon Educational Symposium in Miami that is scheduled from February 8 to 10, 2018. The 52nd annual live surgery symposium is the largest of its kind in the country and known for bringing technical advances in the sector to more surgeons and people.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Louis, Missouri and an articular cartilage reconstruction pioneer. He owns U. S. Sports Medicine in Kirkwood, MO, and LehmanHealth.Learn more about Dr. Rick.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He received his medical degree from Laval University in Quebec City in Canada and completed his residency in orthopedic surgery at McGill University in Montreal, Canada.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He became Kosovo's first post-war Prime Minister from 2002 to 2004. After the 1999 conflict, he served as first Interim Mayor of Mitrovica Municipality. He was also a founding member of the Democratic Party of Kosovo (PDK). It was during his premiership that Kosovo's first Provisional Institutions of Self-Government were established. As a member of the presidency of the Democratic Party of Kosovo, Dr. Rexhepi is responsible for international relations and European Integration. His advice was sought regularly during the final status negotiations brokered by UN Special Envoy Martti Ahtisaari. In November 2007, he was elected Mayor of Mitrovica, a highly complex city effectively divided into an UN-administered North part of the city and an Albanian-majority South. In recognition of his political experience, he was also elected President of the Association of Kosovo Municipalities.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He plays an important role in Sussex Health as one of the founders. The organization conceived three years ago has become one of the leading providers of residential health care programs. As the acting joint chairman, Dr. Sachedina extensive medical background allows him to have a better insight into which kind of medical healthcare the patients require. He coordinates many operations, offering many business solutions and phenomenal care treatments among other provisions. Shafik has much to keep up with provided that he has helped put up more than 20 successful Sussex Healthcare homes.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She graduated with her Master in Physician Assistant Studies from LSU Health Sciences Center. She has knowledge of all aspects of the acute care setting, including general care, adult critical care, emergency care and managing cardiac patients. She is also a registered diagnostic cardiac sonographer and registered respiratory therapist.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " She attended Cornell University Medical College and completed her residency at Vanderbilt University School of Medicine. She joined Schneck Medical Center in 1998.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " In 1996 he started the National Audit of Screen Detected Breast Cancer. He was one of the writing group that published the first set of ABS Guidelines in Breast Disease as well as the Guidelines for the Management of Metastatic Breast Cancer in Bone. He founded The Sloane Project, a National Audit on non invasive screen detected breast cancer which is now the largest such audit in the world. He was secretary of the B.A.S.O. breast surgeons group for 13 years until it evolved into its own society, The Association of Breast Surgery, when he was elected its first President.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He has earned his medical degree from the University of Cairo in Egypt. After attain his medical degree from Cairo, he spent the years of his internship in England and then finally immigrated to the United States. He\u2026", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " After receiving his Bachelor of Science in Biology from the University of Illinois at Chicago, Dr. Jahedi went on to complete his Doctorate in Podiatric Medicine and Surgery at the Scholl College of Podiatric Medicine at Rosalind Franklin University. He completed a comprehensive 3-year surgical training at Northwell \u2013 North Shore Long Island Jewish Hospital in New York. Dr. Jahedi was trained at an adult and pediatric level 1 trauma center and feels confident treating patients of all ages. As part of his training, Dr. Jahedi spent time at the Fordham University Athletic Department where he was exposed to sports medicine and assisted in treating Division 1 college athletes.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She completed her masters in science at Pace University in New York City and has a special interest in hematology/oncology, as well as preventive medicine. She has been an avid volunteer for the American Cancer Society for more than 13 years.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He diagnoses and operates on patients with problems involving the brain, spine, and peripheral nerves and helps them get back to their normal lives after suffering otherwise disabling neurological problems.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He received his medical degree from Perelman School of Medicine at the University of Pennsylvania, and is fellowship-trained in upper extremity and sports medicine from the Steadman-Hawkins Clinic. Dr. Pill operates at Novant Health Forsyth Medical Center in Winston-Salem, NC and Kernersville Medical Center in Kernersville, NC. He specializes in Orthopedic Surgery, Sports Medicine, and Robotic Partial Knee Resurfacing.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Long before she became a cosmetic plastic surgeon, Dr. Shulman wholeheartedly pursued her passion for art. As a gifted artist and sculptor of the human form, she has developed a highly refined appreciation for aesthetics and proportion, which is evident in the surgical results she achieves for her patients. The unique combination of outstanding medical credentials and an in-depth artistic background truly sets Dr. Shulman apart from most other plastic surgeons.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He specializes in Head injury, Spinal injury, Brain tumors, Spinal tumors, Degenerative spinal diseases, Congenital malformations of brain and spinal cord (Hydrocephalus, Encephalocele, Meningomyelocele and Tethred cord syndrome). He has special expertise in Neuronavigation Assisted and Minimally Invasive Spinal Surgery. He has numerous successful cases of head injury, spinal injury, complex adult and pediatric brain tumor cases to his credit.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Her love of science fiction led her to recurring roles as Lt. Palmer in Star Trek Continues (2013) and Yeoman Rand in The Red Shirt Diaries (2014). Her bucket list includes playing Lt. M'Ress (Star Trek), Lady Margot Fenring (Dune series by Frank Herbert, Brian Herbert ... See full bio \u00bb", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Dr. Carangelo graduated from University of Connecticut School of Medicine in 1988 and has been in practice for 29 years. He completed a residency at Hartford Hospital. He currently practices at Orthopedic Associates of Hartford and is affiliated with The Hospital of Central Connecticut New Britain General Campus. Dr. Carangelo accepts multiple insurance plans including Aetna, Medicare and Cigna. Dr. Carangelo also practices at Orthopedic Surgeons of Central Connecticut in New Britain, CT.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " As a result, he understands how \u201cBat Ear\u201d deformities can impact a patient physically, mentally and socially. Otoplasty surgery involves pinning the earlobes in order to balance out the ears and head to create an aesthetic improvement.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Frustrated with the results of classic technical analysis, Mr. Fell pursued a trend following approach based on simple mathematics and chart symmetry. This approach he found to be more objective and a better predictor of future price moves, largely because the trading signal is the cause of the price move. Mr. Fell has authored Back to the Futures which explains this system for trading.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He holds a Master of Public Health degree from the Dartmouth Institute for Health Policy and Clinical Practice and is currently based at Uinta General Surgery in Evanston. Licensed in Wyoming, Idaho and New Hampshire, Dr. Barton is a member of the American College of Surgeons and also the Society of American Gastrointestinal Endoscopic Surgeons.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He graduated from the University of Illinois in Urbana Champaign and completed his medical school and residency at Midwestern University. After this, he completed his spinal fellowship at the Texas Back Institute where they specialize in minimally invasive surgery and motion preservation. Dr. Hyder has helped to develop new products to enhance spinal surgery and teaches minimally invasive techniques to other spinal surgeons nationally and internationally. For the past 3 years, Dr. Hyder has been awarded with Best of the Region honors by Northwest Indiana Times.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He is the director and chairman of the neurosurgery department at Cedars-Sinai Medical Center in Los Angeles, California. According to his Wiki page, at age 17, Keith Black \u201cwon an award in a national science competition for research on the damage done to red blood [\u2026]", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She is a member of the board of trustees for the CMPB Foundation and started a comprehensive palliative care education program for the resident physicians at CPMC.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He took a trip to Brazil in order to study the butt lift procedures from a country that specializes in such, versus America which doesn\u2019t. He would work with a well-renowned plastic surgeon named, Dr. Raul Gonzalez. With this doctor, he would learn a lot of valuable information to take back to the United States, and he would create a new and improved butt implant that would make maters better for patients in the states.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Stephanie is a native of West Jefferson, NC in the northwestern pert of the state. She graduated from Ashe County High School in 2005. After graduating high school she ventured to Wilmington, NC to attend UNC-Wilmington. She attained a Bachelor of Science in Biology, with a minor in Chemistry. After her undergraduate degree she began working as an EMT-Intermediate in Leland, NC. She then attended Methodist University in Fayetteville, NC where she obtained her Masters of Medical Science and graduated in December of 2013.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Thomas N. Joseph, MD in 2016. After completing his residency in 1996, Dr. Vaughn served two years as the Chief Orthopaedic Surgeon at the Winn Army Community Hospital at Fort Stewart, just outside of Hinesville, Georgia. He then spent 10 years practicing at Coastal Orthopaedic and Sports Medicine Center in Hinesville before moving to North Georgia.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " In 2016, he joined Dr. Tiffany Rogers at the Torrance Memorial Physician Network Spine Center. As a PA-C, he works under the supervision of the orthopedic doctors in the practice to treat patients for a wide variety of orthopedic conditions. Jeff is also Registered Kinesiotherapist and Physical Therapy Assistant. He has specialized training and several years experience in these fields helping patients regain strength, endurance, and mobility.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " She began her formal education at Evangel University in Springfield, Missouri, where she received her Bachelor's in Biology in 2010. She then received her masters in health science with physician assistant studies from the University of Oklahoma Health Science Center in late 2013. She joined an FQHC family practice in southeastern Oklahoma in January 2014, and later joined the Arkansas Occupational Health Clinic in July of 2018. She enjoys riding horses with her husband on their forty acre rural paradise.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Dr. Willard graduated from Tulane University School of Medicine in 1989. Dr. Willard also specializes in General Practice. She currently practices at East Tennessee Surgical Group and is affiliated with Ft Sanders Regional Medical Center. Dr. Willard accepts multiple insurance plans including Aetna, Humana and Cigna.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He is a breast reconstruction, body contouring and facial rejuvenation expert, who conducts breast implants, mammaplasty and liposuction. Dr. Tarola makes it his mission at his practice, Tarola Plastic Surgery, to promote excellence in cosmetic and reconstructive surgery. He accomplishes this by caring for all of his patients with dignity, respect and sensitivity, and providing the most advanced and cost effective techniques he can offer.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " His Sports Medicine practice includes both non-operative and surgical treatment of athletes of all levels, ranging from the professional to the weekend warrior. Dr. Levy routinely performs arthroscopy of the shoulder, knee, elbow and ankle. He also treats shoulder problems of all types including fractures, dislocations, impingement, rotator cuff tears and arthritis.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Fusco graduated from George Washington University School of Medicine & Health Sciences in 1986 and has been in practice for 32 years. He completed a residency at Orlando Regional Medical Center. He currently practices at General Surgery Associates and is affiliated with Sunrise Hospital & Medical Center, Spring Valley Hospital Medical Center and Summerlin Hospital Medical Center. Dr. Fusco accepts multiple insurance plans including Aetna, Prominence Health Plan and Medicare. Dr. Fusco also practices at General Surgery Associates in Las Vegas, NV. In addition to English, Dr. Fusco's practice supports this language: Spanish.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Galante graduated from Temple University Lewis Katz School of Medicine in 2000 and has been in practice for 18 years. He currently practices at Uc Davis Medical Center and is affiliated with UC Davis Medical Center. Dr. Galante accepts multiple insurance plans including Aetna, Medicare and Humana. Dr. Galante also practices at UC Davis Medical Group Outpatient Surgery Clinic in Sacramento, CA. In addition to English, Dr. Galante's practice supports these languages: Vietnamese, German, Spanish, Russian, Tagalog, French and Korean.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He is also a professor at the University of Toronto. Dr. Clokie has been practicing dentistry since 1985 after his training as a doctor of dental surgery at McGill University. While there he started a bone research group to help discover new bone regeneration techniques. Upon his Read More", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Whenever possible, Dr. Kaz performs surgery using arthroscopic and other techniques to minimize incisions and the amount of tissue that must be cut, thus reducing pain and speeding recovery times.A Chicago native, Dr. Kaz sustained an ankle injury while playing high school basketball, and he was so impressed with the doctor that treated him that he decided to become a foot and ankle doctor himself. In providing care, Dr. Kaz takes an individualized approach tailored to each patient\u2019s specific situation and challenges. He takes great care to provide a correct diagnosis, and provides care for the patient as an entire person, rather than treating [...]", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She was the past president of Taiwan Movement Disorder Society from 2015 to 2017. She serves as an executive committee member of Asian and Oceanian Section - Movement Disorder Society. Currently, she is the section editor of BMC Neurology and on the editorial board of Parkinsonism and Related Disorders.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Erin received her undergraduate degree from Loyola Marymount University and went on to complete her post graduate work from The University of Southern California- Keck School of Medicine where she received her Masters Degree in Physician Assistant Studies. Erin is certified by the National Commission on Certification of Physician Assistants (NCCPA) and is a member of the Society of Dermatology Physician Assistants. Erin has been a part of the Skin PS Family since 2009. Erin has been trained extensively by Dr. Lee and other leaders in the field of cosmetic dermatology. She is certified to diagnose medical conditions, prescribe medications, and perform surgical procedures such as biopsies; in addition, she is highly skilled in the use of Fillers to help create a more youthful yet natural appearance customized for each patient.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Dr. Cerniak completed his internship at Illinois Masonic Medical Center in Chicago after graduating from Loyola University, Stritch School of Medicine in Maywood, Illinois. Dr. Cerniak completed his residency in general surgery at Loyola University Medical Center in Maywood, Ilinois. Dr. Cerniak has experience in general and vascular surgery, liposuction, vein injection sclerotherapy, laser treatment of venous, tattoo, and other pigmented skin abnormalities.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Yurso graduated from Eastern Virginia Medical School in 1982 and has been in practice for 36 years. He completed a residency at Eastern Virginia Medical School. He currently practices at Joseph Michael Yurso MD and is affiliated with Florida Hospital Altamonte and Florida Hospital Waterman. Dr. Yurso accepts multiple insurance plans including TRICARE, Aetna and Medicare.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Martin graduated from Case Western Reserve University School of Medicine in 1981 and has been in practice for 37 years. Dr. Martin also specializes in Adult Reconstructive Orthopedic Surgery. He currently practices at Orthopaedic Care of Saint Louis PC and is affiliated with Barnes-Jewish West County Hospital. Dr. Martin accepts multiple insurance plans including Aetna, Medicare and Cigna. Dr. Martin also practices at Barnes Jewish West County Hospital in St Louis, MO.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She has experience in the specialty of Mesotherapy with an emphasis on patient safety. She is skilled in providing effective and successful mesotherapy treatments are available in the Fremont Medical Office. Maps | Directions", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He completed his fellowship training at the prestigious Cincinnati Children\u2019s Hospital Medical Center (CCHMC) and world-renowned Mayo Clinic. Dr. Liu\u2019s clinical interests include pediatric spinal deformity, degenerative spine disorders, minimally invasive spine surgeries, osteoporosis-related vertebral compression fracture, and spinal trauma.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Whitlark graduated from University of South Carolina School of Medicine Columbia in 1985 and has been in practice for 32 years. He completed a residency at Mercy Fitzgerald Hospital. Dr. Whitlark accepts multiple insurance plans including Aetna, Medicare and Blue Cross Blue Shield of North Carolina. Dr. Whitlark also practices at Mount Nittnay Physician Group in State College, PA. In addition to English, Dr. Whitlark's practice supports these languages: Spanish and Russian.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She earned her Masters degree in Physician Assistant Studies at Pace University\u2019s PA Program in Manhattan. She rotated through multiple New York hospitals and medical practices and completed her elective rotation in Plastic Surgery at Manhattan Eye, Ear, and Throat Hospital, assisting in both cosmetic and reconstructive surgery. In addition to Sari\u2019s extensive training under the guidance of Dr. Irene Gladstein, her passion for aesthetics and intrinsic skill have allowed her to master the art of cosmetic injections. Having been born and raised in New York, she was always driven to explore its art and culture, expanding her appreciation for beauty . Sari\u2019s reputation is not only defined by her artistic approach and fine work but also by her dedication and compassion to her patients.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " His research focuses on measuring and improving the performance of individual clinicians and health care organizations. He is a practicing general internist in primary care, and he\u2026", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Dr. Ditty received his bachelor\u2019s degree in economics from Johns Hopkins University. He completed medical school at the University of Southern California and his residency in neurosurgery at the University of Alabama at Birmingham School of Medicine.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He has been in the industry for the last four decades. His contribution in the industry has been great. He has made life-changing contributions in the pediatric surgical industry. He is a board-certified member who has used his experience to create innovations which reduce the risk and pain involved in surgical operations. As a surgeon dealing with children and young adults, he felt obliged to use the safest methods on his patients. In his four decades as a pediatric surgeon, he has made great contributions which have changed the industry. Looking back at the contributions of Dr. Saad Saad one will agree that he is a professional who used his career to change the industry for the better.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He has over 20 years\u2019 experience in the field and is a facial and breast surgery expert. He performs a wide array of face and breast procedures, as well as body treatments like thigh lifts and abdominoplasties. He is also qualified and adept with administering non-surgical treatments, like dermal fillers and chemical peels and laser resurfacing.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He has offices in South Amboy and Edison New Jersey and is affiliated with Hackensack Meridian Health at Raritan Bay Medical Center. Currently serving as Chairman of the Department of Surgery at RBMC, he received his orthopedic surgical training at UMDNJ and is certified by the American Board of Orthopedic Surgery.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He is a faculty member at Brown University\u2019s School of Medicine. He is double Board Certified by the American Board of Plastic Surgery in Plastic and Reconstructive Surgery as well as in the American Board of Otolaryngology \u2013 surgery of the head and neck.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She earned her medical degree from the University of Medicine and Dentistry \u2013 New Jersey Medical School in 2003. Dr. Parra completed her residency at North Shore-Long Island Jewish Medical Center/Schneider Children\u2019s Hospital in 2006.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He underwent post graduate surgical training approved by the Royal College of Surgeons in Ireland and Royal College of Surgeons of Edinburgh. He was awarded a postgraduate Fellowship from the Royal College of Surgeons Edinburgh (FRCS) in 1997. He then underwent Specialist Higher Surgical training in Cardio thoracic (heart and lung) surgery in Ireland for number of years. He then moved into cosmetic/ aesthetic medicine and minor/minimally invasive surgery space, where he has gained an outstanding reputation and a huge loyal following.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Katy completed her undergraduate education at Texas Tech University. She received her Masters of Physician Assistant Studies at UT Southwestern Medical Center in 2012.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " She received a Bachelor\u2019s degree in Kinesiology from University of Southern Indiana in Evansville in 2010. Danielle received her Master\u2019s degree in Physician Assistant Studies at Butler University in Indianapolis in 2014. Prior to joining JWM Neurology, she worked as a Hospitalist Physician Assistant. Danielle sees patients with all types of neurological conditions.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Dr. Simoncini discovered that the cause of this terrible illness is a fungus and tried hard to persuade scientists how wrong are the actual theories on cancer. His therapy based on the antifungal substance, sodium bicarbonate, is harmless and very effective and should be adopted all over the world.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He is a Diplomate of the American Board of Plastic Surgery and a member of the American Society of Plastic Surgeons, The American Society for Aesthetic Plastic Surgery, and the California Society of Plastic Surgeons. He regularly writes about plastic surgery and the issues surrounding it on his blog at https://drkim.com/blog .", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She practices in Fairbanks, Alaska and has the professional credentials of DO. The NPI Number for Dr. Brooke Melissa Walls is 1205161478 and she holds a License No. FW5288293 (Alaska).", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " She received a Bachelor\u2019s degree from Butler University in Health Sciences, Physician Assistant Studies in 2000. She also completed the National Physician Extender Program with the University of Texas, Southwestern, Dallas, in 2010. Emily serves as a sub-investigator for numerous on-going research studies at JWM Neurology.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " She accepts Medicare insurance. Dr. Vandiver studied medicine at Michigan State University College of Human Medicine. She is affiliated with Radiology Associates of North Texas.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " She is passionately committed to preventing illness by promoting healthy environments and believes that the work of physicians, now more than ever, cannot be limited to the office setting or the operating room. She is the lead campaigner for Chesapeake PSR on issues surrounding unconventional gas development - fracking - and supports Chesapeake PSR's work on climate change and clean energy solutions. Dr. Angiola has a BS in Chemistry from MIT and an medical degree from University of California, Irvine.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Chan School of Public Health FXB Center for Health and Human Rights at Harvard University in Boston. She is an Institute of Medicine, American Board of Emergency Medicine fellow in health sciences policy and cofounder of HEAL (Health, Education, Advocacy, Linkages) Trafficking, an international network of pro\u00adfessionals combating human trafficking from a public health perspective. Through her work, she seeks to advance research and policy on the health needs of human trafficking victims globally and locally.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " She has a thriving medical practice in Southern California and has competed for 20 years as a national-level fitness athlete. A respected fitness trainer, her clients have ranged from single moms to professional athletes, and even an action film star. Dr. Ramos has been a repeat guest expert on the TV series \u201cThe Doctors.\u201d and was featured on several other shows including NBC\u2019s \u201cAmerican Gladiators,\u201d and ABC\u2019s \u201cThe Bachelor: Paris.\u201d She also contributes to multiple health outlets and has been published in Oxygen Magazine.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " As highlighted in the most recent report from the American Society for Aesthetic Plastic Surgery (ASAPS), more than half of all Americans now approve of cosmetic enhancement; a fact that Dr. Richards says is likely due to the surge in popularity and success of non-surgical treatments, such as dermal fillers or BOTOX Cosmetic\u00ae. However, he stresses the need to discuss a patient\u2019s aesthetic enhancement goals and expectations in detail, as non-surgical procedures often do not achieve the transformation attainable with more classic procedures such as eyelid surgery or a facelift.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He is nationally recognized as a sports medicine expert and surgeon specializing in the shoulder, knee, and elbow. His vast experience in successful non-operative and rehabilitative treatment techniques allow for his patients to avoid surgery. Dr. Glousman treats patients from a variety of backgrounds, including the injured worker, non-athlete, recreational athlete, and collegiate/professional athlete. He is a recognized expert in Workers Compensation injuries and Medical-Legal Forensic orthopaedic surgery.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He then went on to complete his neurological surgery residency at Louisiana State University Health Science Center, followed by a fellowship in minimally invasive spine surgery with Dr. Kevin Foley at Semmes Murphey.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She practices in Boise, Idaho and has the professional credentials of M.D.. The NPI Number for Caroline D Sobota is 1013964550 and she holds a License No. M8584 (Idaho).", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He obtained a B.S. in Biology and a B.A. in Economics from Emory University. He obtained his medical degree from the University of South Alabama, College of Medicine. He completed a general surgery residency at the University of Kentucky and fellowship in colon and rectal surgery at Ochsner Health System, New Orleans. Dr. Rider is the recipient of numerous awards and holds several prestigious professional affiliations including: American College of Surgeons; Fellow, American Society of Colon and Rectal Surgeons; American Medical Association and the Louisiana State Medical Society. He has presented nationally and authored numerous peer-reviewed publications.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She is the author of 9 books and numerous articles in professional journals. She is a compassionate professional committed to educating others in her fields of specialty. She is a nationally recognized expert in two addiction-related fields: addictive sexual disorders and the management of chronic pain with opioids.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Dr. Trunzo graduated from Wright State University Boonshoft School of Medicine in 2005 and has been in practice for 12 years. He currently practices at Westshore Primary Care Rheumatology and is affiliated with Fairview Hospital. Dr. Trunzo accepts multiple insurance plans including Aetna, Blue Cross Blue Shield of Michigan and Medical Mutual of Ohio. Dr. Trunzo also practices at UH Case Medical Center Neurological Institute of Cleveland in Cleveland, OH.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Smucker graduated from Indiana University School of Medicine in 1999 and has been in practice for 19 years. Dr. Smucker also specializes in Spine Surgery. He currently practices at Indiana Spine Group and is affiliated with St Joseph Hospital Kokomo and St Vincent Indianapolis Hospital. Dr. Smucker accepts multiple insurance plans including Aetna, SIHO Insurance Services and Medicare. Dr. Smucker also practices at Wagoner Medical Center in Kokomo, IN. In addition to English, Dr. Smucker's practice supports this language: Spanish.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " When the arthritis in his hip became too difficult to bear, he opted for a metal-on-metal hip. But the new hip, he says, caused him so much pain, exhaustion and depression that he had to have it removed.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She practices in Birmingham, Alabama and has the professional credentials of MD. The NPI Number for Valerie L Brown is 1194769893 and she holds a License No. 26296 (Alabama).", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He has successfully performed approximately 4,000 weight loss surgery procedures and is the most experienced surgeon specializing in surgical weight loss methods in the Baton Rouge, Louisiana, area.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She received her Bachelor of Science degree at the University of Washington in Seattle, WA and went on to complete a Masters in Physician Assistant studies at Oregon Health & Science University in Portland, OR. She is nationally certified by the National Commission on Certification of Physicians Assistants.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " She obtained her B.A. with honors in Kinesiology at the University of Western Ontario, where she had the privilege of serving on the Sports Medicine Team who cared for the Varsity Women\u2019s Rugby Team. She then earned her Doctorate of Chiropractic at New York Chiropractic College, graduating with honors as a member of the Phi Chi Omega honor society. Her post-doctoral studies includes training in the fields of women\u2019s health, nutrition, the chiropractic management of pregnancy, and functional soft tissue and rehabilitation. Dr. Morrissey is a physician with Khalsa Chiropractic Office, which has multiple locations in Boston and the surrounding areas. Her office is in the back bay on Newbury St. For more information, please visit: www.khalsachiropractic.com", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Dr. Mazzaglia graduated from University of Massachusetts Medical School in 1993 and has been in practice for 24 years. He completed a residency at Maine Medical Center. He currently practices at University Surgical Associates Pediatric Surgery and is affiliated with Rhode Island Hospital. Dr. Mazzaglia accepts multiple insurance plans including Aetna, Harvard Pilgrim and Tufts Health Plan. In addition to English, Dr. Mazzaglia's practice supports this language: Spanish.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She practices in Morgantown, West Virginia and has the professional credentials of M.D.. The NPI Number for Allison Marie Lastinger is 1184917759 and she holds a License No. 25243 (West Virginia).", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " She practices in Birmingham, Alabama and has the professional credentials of M.D.. The NPI Number for Laura Hays Nye is 1093005381 and she holds a License No. 32330 (Alabama).", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Since 2014 he has been the Executive Secretary of the Maldives Association of Surgeons (MAS), which is the foremost, and leading surgical body of the kind in the country. He is a skilled laparoscopic surgeon, performing complex minimal access surgeries. He grabbed the first place during his laparoscopic surgery training. He aims at introducing a variety of keyhole surgeries to Maldives. He is the first Maldivian surgeon to perform in Maldives a single-incision laparoscopic surgery and also amongst the first to perform TEP inguinal hernia repairs.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Jacko graduated from Ohio State University College of Medicine in 1986 and has been in practice for 32 years. Dr. Jacko also specializes in Internal Medicine and Sports Medicine. He currently practices at Providers Physicians North and is affiliated with Riverside Methodist Hospital. Dr. Jacko accepts multiple insurance plans including Aetna, Medical Mutual of Ohio and Medicare.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " But his personal journey into living younger longer began with a tight pair of pants. Rather than go up a size, he decided to get back to his ideal weight. He changed how he ate. He began to exercise regularly. He started intensive research into what it takes to prevent the kind of conditions his patients had. What he found changed his life . . . and will change yours.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She is an Assistant Professor of Dermatology at Brigham and Women's Hospital and the Dana-Farber Cancer Institute (DFCI), specializing in melanoma. Anandasabapathy conducts laboratory-based investigation in the fields of cutaneous immunology and cancer immunotherapy, studying tissue specific mechanisms of tumor immune escape. Her research program broadly investigates how mechanisms of tissue homeostasis in peripheral tissues such as skin lead to tumor immune escape of skin cancers. She is a member of the BWH Department of Dermatology post-doctoral scholarship oversight committee, the Harvard Stem Cell Institute, and Harvard Program in Immunology.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " His hard work and his dedication towards his patients have allowed him to be able to reach high level of success through out the years. His main goal from every surgery that he has done is to make sure that his patient is satisfied and healthy. Dr Rod Rohrich has been able to do a great job at this because his patients are always satisfied and the results are always like they expected. He specializes in a variety of plastic surgery procedures and is known as the best plastic surgeon in Dallas. He attended North Dakota State University and he started his career right away. He has many years in this experience and has been nominated one of the best plastic surgeons of the year.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She helps support a demanding service by evaluating and treating acute fractures, fracture follow ups, gait disturbances and sports medicine injuries. Her clinical philosophy is... Read more", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He shares his view on the deep plane facelift that he has been performing over the last 20 years. Learn why he has not strayed from this technique despite the many short cut alternatives that exist. See morphed before and after images of his patients and learn more about his credentials.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He has 34 years of experience in this field. He is the pioneer in introducing the intra-operative MRI technology for brain tumor surgeries in India and the winner of the \u2018Best Surgical Resident of the Year Excellence Award\u2019. He has the fellowship from the Royal College of Surgeons, Edinburgh, UK. He is also an eminent member of the British Medical Association, Society of British Neurological Surgeons, UK and much more. He is currently practicing at Medanta-The Medicity, Gurgaon as the Chairman of Institute of Neurosurgeons on Monday, Tuesday and Thursday 2:00 pm \u2013 4:00 pm, Wednesday 3.30 pm \u2013 4.30 pm. Consultancy fee for this doctor is INR 1200.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Lofgren completed a Plastics Fellowship at University of Miami in Miami, Florida. He has been honored with awards including the EVMS Department of Surgery Chief Resident of the Year and the Dr. John Baker Award for outstanding Senior Surgical Resident for his work as a plastic surgeon. Williamsburg, Newport News, Hampton Roads, and surrounding-area patients appreciate Dr. Lofgren\u2019s compassionate approach to patient care and his enormous resource of medical knowledge. He is a member of the American Society of Plastic Surgeons.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " His mission is to provide patients with a safe and comfortable environment and get a full patient history to provide the most accurate and effective treatment options for each individual patient.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She is a member of the American Academy of Physician Assistants, the New York Society of Physician Assistants, Society of Dermatology Physician Assistants and is board certified through the NCCPA. She graduated from the University of Maryland with a Bachelor of Science in Psychology with a Pre-medical focus and a minor in Spanish studies. Danielle received her Master of Physician Assistant studies degree from Lenox Hill Hospital/Pace University PA Program with a focus in dermatology. Danielle completed her Physician Assistant training at several Manhattan hospitals including Lenox Hill Hospital, New York Presbyterian Hospital and New York University-Langone Medical Center.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " She joined Family Practice Center and began her career as a physician assistant in 2007. Erin currently sees patients in Loysville, PA. </p> <p><strong>Education:</strong></p> <ul> <li>MS &ndash; Physician Assistant Studies, Arcadia University, Glenside, PA</li> <li>BS &ndash; Health Science/Psychology Minor, Lock Haven University, Lock Haven, PA</li> </ul> <p><strong>Certification: </strong></p> <ul> <li>N", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " She practices in Anchorage, Alaska and has the professional credentials of MD. The NPI Number for Christine D Clark is 1922095686 and she holds a License No. 3130 (Alaska).", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " She completed her medical degree and MPH at Tufts University School of Medicine. She is now affiliated with the University of Colorado Hospital where she sees patients and teaches in the Family Medicine residency. \u200b", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Dr. Cabbell received a Bachelor of Science in physics from Stanford University. He completed medical school through the Drew/UCLA Medical Education Program and his residency in neurosurgery at the University of Michigan.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She serves as Hospice of the Valley\u2019s administrative medical director and is a CFM Certified Mindfulness Based Stress Reduction teacher and practitioner.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Dr. Dirksen performs the latest surgeries, such as skin-sparing and nipple-sparing mastectomy. He is board certified by the American Board of Surgery.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He is the current Medical Director of The International Cancer Center of The Hospital de Diagnostico de El Salvador and Coordinator of the Neuro-oncology program of the same Hospital.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " In addition to her knowledge and experience that enables her to manage patients\u2019 pain and pain medication(s), she examines, diagnosis, and treats patients in a clinical setting.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Vincent Hospital and UMass Memorial Medical Center. He received his medical degree from Loyola University Chicago Stritch School of Medicine and has been in practice for more than 30 years working with specific interest in neurosurgical oncology as well as gene therapy for neurodegenerative diseases. Dr. Richard Moser has been an active board member at Solidarity Bridge since 2006 also leading their Neurosurgery Program in Bolivia since that time.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He graduated from University of Virginia School of Medicine. He completed his orthopaedic residency at Indiana University and went on to do a fellowship in Sports Medicine at Georgetown University / Nirschl Orthopaedics. His practice is located in Northern Virginia and he has worked with athletes at all levels from professional to recreational.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She completed her training and master\u2019s degree from the University of St. Francis. Prior to joining University of Utah Health Care, Rayleen worked as a family practice provider with the University of Washington and Providence Health Care in Alaska. She has a special interest in preventive care for all ages, acute and chronic illness management including asthma, hypertension, and diabetes.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Prior to being appointed Professor of Surgery at Johns Hopkins, he was an Army surgeon stationed at Walter Reed, and then Chief of Surgery at the Washington VA Medical Center. His current practice is focused on complex hernia, breast cancer, and surgical conditions of the thyroid and parathyroid.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Lee Chee Wei practices at Nexus Surgical Associates in Orchard, Singapore,Nexus Surgical Associates in Novena, Singapore and Nexus Surgical Associates in Joo Chiat, Singapore. He completed MBBS from National University of Singapore, Singapore in 1995,FRCS - General Surgery from Fellowship in the Royal College of Surgeons of Edinburgh in 2001 and FAMS - Fellowship of the Academy Medicine from Academy of Medicine, Singapore in 2011. Some of the services provided by the doctor are: Endovascular Interventions for Peripheral Arterial Disease,EndoVascular Aortic Repair,Peripheral Bypass Surgery for Limb Salvage,Vein Surgery and Creation of Arteriovenous Fistulas and Grafts for Haemodialysis Access etc.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She practices in Concord, New Hampshire and has the professional credentials of M.D.. The NPI Number for Dr. Leyla J Ghazi is 1114135498 and she holds a License No. 17870 (New Hampshire).", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Dr. Galles graduated from University of Iowa Roy J & Lucille A Carver College of Medicine in 1993 and has been in practice for 24 years. He completed a residency at Southern Illinois University School of Medicine. He currently practices at Iowa Orthopaedic Center PC and is affiliated with Mercy Medical Center Centerville, Mercy Medical Center Des Moines and Pella Regional Health Center. Dr. Galles accepts multiple insurance plans including Aetna, Wellmark and Medicare. Dr. Galles also practices at Mercy Medical Center Des Moines Emergency in Des Moines, IA.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He is in-network with numerous health insurance providers. Dr. Robertson's office currently employees two nurses, a medical assistant and two other office staff.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He practices at Apollo Spectra Hospitals, Delhi. He specializes in liposuction, tummy-tucking, breast enhancement and reduction surgeries, facial cosmetic surgeries, rhinoplasty, post-trauma limb surgeries and reconstructive surgeries.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He is often asked what causes knee pain. In this video he breaks down the overall construction of the knee as well as what could be causing knee pain.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He is one of the few surgeons in the world specializing in this field. Dr. Blau has pioneered a new technique for male breast reduction surgery that achieves lasting results in the reduction of all aspects of gynecomastia, from puffy nipples to full breast reduction in men. Very few, if any, other surgeons have been able to replicate the consistent and significant results that Dr. Blau has obtained for his patients seeking to treat gynecomastia once and for all.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He received his medical degree from the University of Southern California School of Medicine and completed an orthopedic surgery residency at University of California \u2013 Irvine. Dr. Hofer is a member of the American Association of Orthopaedic Surgeons, American Association of Hip and Knee Surgeons and California Orthopedic Association.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She has traveled extensively as a medical volunteer and a travel enthusiast. She was trained in the United States and has studied tropical medicine in London. She has volunteered in Africa, Asia and the Caribbean. Her passion to explore keeps her jet-setting for leisure regularly, having been to six Continents and 65+ countries! Follow this travel influencer on Instagram @dafinagood for travel inspiration.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He did his undergraduate work in biomedical engineering at Harvard University where he was also a four-year letter winner and wide receiver for the varsity football team. He received his medical degree from the State University of New York at Stony Brook where he was elected a member of the Alpha Omega Alpha Medical Honor Society signifying graduation within the top 15% of his class.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " In doing so he has acquired the nickname of \u201cHeart of Stone\u201d around the female hospital staff. He is only interested in helping sick babies get well and not a relationship.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She has a Bachelor of Science degree in Cell and Molecular Biology from the Missouri State University in Springfield, MO. Jennifer received a Master of Science degree in Physician Assistant studies from Missouri State University. She is a member of the American Academy of Physician Assistants and the Missouri Academy of Physician Assistants.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " She is a medical adviser member of the Education Committee of the McGill University Research Centre for Studies in Aging. She is Associate Professor of McGill University in Family Medicine.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " In fact, roughly half his practice is dedicated to rhinoplasty surgery. Dr. Bustillo uses virtual imaging during his consultations with his patients to help them better understand the process and to visually demonstrate how he will reshape the nose.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " As the clinical lead for the trial, he is a crucial part of implementing the technology and spearheading the research. He and his team of half a dozen clinicians are responsible for ensuring the trial runs to a high standard, including ethics approval, proper randomisation, and following patients through their treatment. He describes his team as a family, and is really proud of the success they have achieved by working together.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Martha's Regional Hospital. Ordinarily there are three surgeons on staff, but since March they've been down to two. That means Wasserman and his colleague take turns being on call every other weekend.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Originally from Orlando, Dr. Pappas went to medical school and did his general surgery residency at the University of Miami/Jackson Memorial Hospital in Miami, and completed a fellowship in Surgical Critical Care and Trauma at Orlando Regional Medical Center. He is board certified in General Surgery and Surgical Critical Care and has an active interest in research, education and injury prevention.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He is the chairperson of the Forum for Medical Ethics and a member of the Executive Council of the Declaration of Istanbul Custodian Group. Check out his presentations at TTS 2018 by clicking here!", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Lee Yee Chun practices at East Coast Surgical Specialists in Orchard, Singapore,East Coast Surgical Specialists in Joo Chiat, Singapore and Y.C. Lee Clinic in Orchard, Singapore. He completed MBBS from National University of Singapore, Singapore in 1969,M Med (Gen Surg) from National University of Singapore, Singapore in 1973 and FRACS (Gen Surg) from RACS, Australia in 1973. Some of the services provided by the doctor are: Tissue Reconstruction,Flap Surgery,Endoscopic Carpal Tunnel Release,Skin Surgery and Whris Arthroscopy etc.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Bello graduated from Georgetown University School of Medicine in 1986 and has been in practice for 32 years. He completed a residency at Cedars-Sinai Medical Center. He currently practices at Hunterdon Surgical Associates and is affiliated with Hunterdon Medical Center. Dr. Bello accepts multiple insurance plans including Aetna, QualCare and Medicare.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He has been awarded the degree of Member of Royal College of Surgeons (MRCS) from The Royal College of Physicians and Surgeons of Glasgow, United Kingdom (UK). In his training years, he has trained extensively in treating spinal conditions in various institutions in India, South Korea and Australia. His special interest is Minimally Invasive Spinal Surgical Techniques.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Kuri graduated from Georgetown University School of Medicine in 2001 and has been in practice for 27 years. He completed a residency at Albert Einstein/Montoflors Medcentor, Bronx NY. Dr. Kuri also specializes in Physical Medicine & Rehabilitation and Sports Medicine. He currently practices at Riverside Orthopedic Institute and is affiliated with Riverside Community Hospital. Dr. Kuri accepts multiple insurance plans including Cigna, Multiplan and UnitedHealthcare. In addition to English, Dr. Kuri's practice supports this language: Greek.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " In 1983 he was the founder of the Center for Arthroscopic Surgery and Sports Medicine in Boca Raton, Florida. He served as managing partner of the Boca Raton Orthopedic Group in Boca Raton, Florida, from 1989 to 2002. He received his undergraduate education from Emory University in Atlanta, Georgia and his medical degree from New York Medical College. After completion of an internship at Montefiore Hospital in New York, Dr. Schosheim served his surgical residency at Lenox Hill Hospital and completed his orthopedic surgery residency at Lenox Hill and the Harvard-affiliated Boston Children\u2019s Medical Center in Boston.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Schaffer graduated from Saint Louis University School of Medicine in 1982 and has been in practice for 36 years. He completed a residency at Wayne State University School of Medicine. He currently practices at Atlantic Orthopaedic Specialists and is affiliated with Bon Secours DePaul Medical Center, Sentara Bayside Hospital and Sentara Leigh Hospital. Dr. Schaffer accepts multiple insurance plans including Aetna, Medicare and Humana. In addition to English, Dr. Schaffer's practice supports this language: Spanish.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " At his practice located in La Jolla, he provides attractive, natural looking plastic surgery enhancements and maintains a reputation as a highly regarded physician.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She works closely with patients to help them remove obstacles to their health as a primary means of resolving their wellness challenges and restoring their health. She facilitates this by providing a foundation for health & wellness through nutrition and lifestyle suggestions as well as customized, targeted therapies that unravel the disease process. In order to facilitate a return to optimum health, she creates a unique relationship with every patient and tailors her treatments to address their individual health concerns. Blending cutting-edge research with ancient therapies to successfully treat children, teens and adults of all ages, Dr. Huffman is also a practitioner of biotherapeutic drainage, an advanced treatment modality used to achieve consistently superior, health-enhancing results.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " As a dentist, he prefers to relieve people of their pain and make their smiles brighter with aesthetic dentistry. As an author/columnist, he prefers to give them head/tummy aches and make their faces contort with his signature style of dark humour and cynicism. No plants or animals are harmed in the writing of his books or columns.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He has basic research interests in shoulder mechanics, gene expression in shoulder tendons, and mechanisms of tendon failure. Dr. Flatow's primary current basic research effort is in developing and validating a rat model of fatigue damage accumulation in tendons, which can then be used to characterize tendon injury and the effect of biologic perturbations.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She practices in Soldotna, Alaska and has the professional credentials of MD, PHD. The NPI Number for Kristen B Jessen is 1629171608 and she holds a License No. 35543 (Arizona).", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Dr. Dietrich graduated from University of Nebraska College of Medicine in 2001 and has been in practice for 49 years. He currently practices at University of Nebraska Medical Center and is affiliated with Nebraska Medical Center Clarkson Tower and Nebraska Orthopaedic Hospital. Dr. Dietrich accepts multiple insurance plans including Aetna, Wellmark and Medicare. Dr. Dietrich also practices at UNMC Physicians Family Medicine West in Omaha, NE. In addition to English, Dr. Dietrich's practice supports this language: Spanish.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Through a mysterious power, Jin Hyuk finds himself transported back in time 150 years. He begins treating people there, but the lack of necessary implements and rudimentary medical knowledge of the period forces him to seek new ways to aid the sick. Through this challenging p......", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He completed a residency at Maimonides Medical Center. Dr. Rochman also specializes in Pulmonary Disease. He currently practices at Andrew J Rochman MD and is affiliated with Plainview Hospital Northwell Health. Dr. Rochman accepts multiple insurance plans including Medicare, Humana and Medicaid.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Krick graduated from Emory University School of Medicine in 1982 and has been in practice for 36 years. He completed a residency at Lsu Health Sciences. He currently practices at Surgical Group of Tullahoma and is affiliated with Harton Regional Medical Center. Dr. Krick accepts multiple insurance plans including Medicare, Humana and Cigna. Dr. Krick also practices at Harton Regional Medical Center in Tullahoma, TN.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She is also a professor at the Pardee RAND Graduate School. She previously served with the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention for 20 years and the\u2026", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " An avid mountain biker and trail runner, Stark specializes in sports medicine, joint replacement (including robotic-assisted total hip/knee and partial knee replacement), shoulder and upper extremity care, general orthopaedics and rehabilitation. To reach his Franklin office, call 615-791-2630.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Randolph graduated from Indiana University School of Medicine in 1970 and has been in practice for 47 years. He completed a residency at Clarian Health Partners. He currently practices at OrthoIndy PC and is affiliated with St Vincent Indianapolis Hospital. Dr. Randolph accepts multiple insurance plans including Aetna, SIHO Insurance Services and Medicare. Dr. Randolph also practices at OrthoIndy PC in Indianapolis, IN. In addition to English, Dr. Randolph's practice supports this language: Spanish.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He taught Anatomy at the University of Oxford, and completed his basic surgical training in the region. His research took place at the Phoenix Tissue Repair Unit at University College, London in 1994, and at Stoke Mandeville Hospital, as the Duke of Kent Burns and Reconstructive Surgery Research Fellow in 2000, gaining his MD in 2002.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She developed an interest in palliative care in 2008 and since then has been working to develop palliative care in Lebanon. She is founder and Medical Director of the Lebanese Center for Palliative Care \u2013 Balsam and has been working to develop palliative care in Lebanon. She is a member of the National Committee on Pain Control and Palliative Care under the Ministry of Public Health and chairs in Subcommittee of Practice. She also serves as director of the first hospital-based palliative care consultation service in Lebanon which was started in 2013 at the American University of Beirut Medical Center.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He obtained his Bachelors of Science Degree with distinction followed by a Doctor of Dental Medicine Degree from Oregon Health Sciences University in 1998. He ranked first in his class and was awarded with the most prestigious Pierre Fauchard outstanding dental student award. He then attended Medical School at the highly respected University of Alabama and graduated Magna Cum Laude in 2001. During his 4th year of medical school he did multiple rotations with some of the best cosmetic surgeons in the world.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Colgrove is dedicated to his patient\u2019s individualized care and takes special time with each patient to ensure their questions are answered, and they feel comfortable. As a surgeon, Dr. Colgrove stays up to date with the latest techniques, so his patients can achieve their desired results.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She takes a welcoming and compassionate approach to pediatric patient care, helping children and their parents understand the medical procedures involved in their care.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He dedicates his practice to providing patients with relief through conservative initial treatments and can perform advanced surgical treatments as needed. His passion for helping patients achieve comfort, mobility, and full functionality in their upper extremities is what drives Dr. Vagner to be the best in his field. He is double-certified in both orthopedic surgery and hand surgery. He is also a clinical professor of surgery in peri-operative care at Dell Medical School, and a hand surgery consultant for University of Texas athletics.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She is originally from Clear Lake, Wisconsin. Her undergraduate schooling was completed at Viterbo University in La Crosse, Wisconsin where she received her Bachelor of Science degree in Biology. She proceeded to attend Mayo School of Health Sciences in Rochester, Minnesota and received her certification in Medical Laboratory Science. Cassandra went on to complete her Master's degree in Physician Assistant Studies at Augsburg College in Minneapolis, Minnesota. She enjoys spending time with family and friends, playing sports, quilting, and traveling.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " She sees a wide range of patients from those with small injuries to major illnesses. She knows the devastation individuals and families face when they don't have health insurance and lack access to health care.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Her personal skills makes one feel at ease and confident that the best care possible will be given! Physicians like Dr Schnoll Sussman are what keeps people healthy.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He provides complete, comprehensive, and state of the art orthopaedic care including total joint replacements, sports medicine, and fracture care of all ages. His expertise includes non-operative and operative (open & arthroscopic) treatment of shoulder, hip, knee, foot, and ankle disorders. He specializes in joint cartilage restoration/preservation of the knee and ankle, surgery of the meniscus, rotator cuff & labrum, as well as ligament & tendon repair/reconstruction of the knee, shoulder & ankle.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He is the Chief Medical Officer for Via Christi Hospitals in Wichita and Medical Director for Information Systems. In his role, he provides oversight for the operations of the Medical Staff, clinical services and works collaboratively with all stakeholders at Via Christi to improve quality and delivery of Via Christi\u2019s mission.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He desperately wants to put the continent between himself and his homophobic parents in Orlando but has no idea what to do now. Shane is the dive master on the cruise, very much a rolling stone determined never to grow any moss. Much to Kim\u2019s disgust, he and Shane end up rooming together in a tiny cabin even though he booked a single cabin. And the cherry on top of his loss of control is an unexpected sea-sickness that Shane helps him through.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " An advocate of innovative quality with over 15 years of experience, he specialises in all aspects of aesthetic, plastic and reconstructive surgery operating at the Royal Free London NHS Trust and Harley Street. He is one of the few Plastic Surgeons in the UK to hold both the British and European diplomas in hand surgery and he has won several prestigious awards including the Hunterian Professorship for his research in plastic surgery. His research has been widely published in both books and peer-reviewed journals and he is frequently invited to lecture both nationally and internationally.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He is past president of The American Society for Aesthetic Plastic Surgery, (ASAPS), and professor and vice chairman of the Department of Plastic Surgery at UT Southwestern Medical Center in Dallas. He is the director of the Clinical Center for Cosmetic Laser Treatment and medical director for the Department of Plastic Surgery, Outpatient Building, UT Southwestern Medical Center in Dallas. His clinical practice is located at the Outpatient Building on the campus of UT Southwestern Medical Center.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He has served on the faculties of both the University of Washington and the University of Tennessee, and in 1992 was recruited by the prestigious Swedish Medical Center to develop a neuroscience institute. In 2002, he left active practice to become medical director for a startup med-tech company (that went public in 2006) and he now chairs the Institutional Review Board of a major medical center in the Pacific Northwest. Leveraging a love for thrillers since the early 1970s, Wyler devoted himself to fiction writing in earnest, eventually serving as vice president of the International Thriller Writers organization for several years. After publishing his first two medical thrillers Deadly Errors (2005) and Dead Head (2007), he officially retired from medicine to devote himself to writing full time.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He has a love for the Ukraine and often travels to Kiev to help his Ukrainian colleague, Igor. Henry tries to make a difference and save lives where he can even though his colleagues in London think he\u2019s wasting his time.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He is board-certified in Internal Medicine, Cardiovascular Medicine, Nuclear Cardiology and Clinical Electrophysiology. His specialty areas include: atrial and ventricular arrhythmias including atrial fibrillation and catheter ablation for treatment of these arrhythmias including pulmonary vein isolation. He also specializes in device therapy including device and lead extraction and the implantation of pacemakers, implantable defibrillators (ICDs), and biventricular pacemakers and ICDs.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " After graduating from the University of Florida with a bachelor's degree, Susan decided to continue her education at Nova Southeastern University where she earned a second Bachelor's Degree in Physician Assistant Studies as well as a Master's Degree in Medical Science.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Wendy Wells graduated with honors from Southwest College of Naturopathic Medicine where she was awarded a Doctorate of Naturopathic Medicine. Before her present career, she received her Bachelor\u2019s of Science in chemistry.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Dr. Holobinko graduated from Pennsylvania State University Hershey College of Medicine in 1996 and has been in practice for 21 years. He currently practices at Robinwood Orthopaedic Specialty Center and is affiliated with Meritus Medical Center. Dr. Holobinko accepts multiple insurance plans including Aetna, Medicare and Cigna. Dr. Holobinko also practices at Orthopaedic Services in Frederick, MD. In addition to English, Dr. Holobinko's practice supports this language: Spanish.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Moynihan graduated from Georgetown University School of Medicine in 1980 and has been in practice for 38 years. He completed a residency at University of Tennessee Health Science Center. He currently practices at Pediatric Hematology & Oncology of Northern Virginia and is affiliated with Inova Fairfax Hospital. Dr. Moynihan accepts multiple insurance plans including Aetna, Medicare and Humana. Dr. Moynihan also practices at Inova Fairfax Hospital Anesthesiology in Falls Church, VA.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He received his medical degree from University of Michigan Medical School. Doctor Boeve practiced for 39 years before re-focusing in 2010. He is a member of the American Association of Orthopaedic Surgeons, American Association of Hip and Knee Surgeons, the Arthroscopy Association of North America and the Michigan Orthopaedic Society. Doctor Boeve specialized in surgical procedures for the shoulder, hip, and knee. Also, he was the first to perform the anterior hip replacement surgery in West Michigan. Current medical interests include: the advancement of well-being through plant based nutrition and exercise; interviewing applicants to the the University of Michigan Medical School; and, with his wife, spends five to six weeks annually volunteering at the Kijabe Mission Hospital in Kenya. [/su_column]", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He is Director of Plastic Surgery at Cosmetique Dermatology, Laser and Plastic Surgery, LLP, with offices on Park Avenue in Manhattan and on Long Island\u2019s Gold Coast.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She practices in Birmingham, Alabama and has the professional credentials of M.D.. The NPI Number for Terry M Bierd is 1255396388 and she holds a License No. 00011527 (Alabama).", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " His degrees include a B.S. in Biology from Penn State, a M.D. from Georgetown University, School of Medicine and a Masters in Public Health from the University of Arizona. He completed a Family Medicine internship at the Geisinger Medical Center in Pennsylvania and then worked for three years with the Indian Health Service before coming to the UA Campus Health Service in 1987. At Campus Health, Dr. McDermott's work focuses on patient care, health service administration and public health issues impacting the university community.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Up to date, Dr. Cameron Clokie is on top of the company Induce Biologics Inc., and he is at the position of chief executive officer (CEO). Currently, Dr. Camron Clokie has a clinical practice in Toronto.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Matthews graduated from Boston University School of Medicine in 1975 and has been in practice for 43 years. Dr. Matthews also specializes in Colorectal Surgery. He currently practices at Joseph M Matthews MD and is affiliated with Enloe Medical Center. Dr. Matthews accepts multiple insurance plans including Aetna, Medicare and Blue Cross of California. Dr. Matthews also practices at Enloe Medical Center in Chico, CA. In addition to English, Dr. Matthews's practice supports this language: Spanish.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She is a Senior Staff Specialist in Thoracic Medicine at Concord Hospital, Sydney, and Clinical Professor and Head of Respiratory Discipline at the University of Sydney. Her research interests in respiratory medicine are underpinned by a practical focus on delivering better quality care to people with lung disease, especially asthma and COPD. She has been Principal Investigator and has led many investigator-initiated and competitively funded clinical trials in airways disease.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Her research focuses in dermatology and contact allergy, cosmetology laser and immunological dermatology. She was the Member of Medical Cosmetology of China Society of Integrated Traditional Chinese and Western Medicine. She was graduated from Peking University of Health Science Center and received Doctor of Medicine in 2009. She has published more than 30 papers in reputed journals.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " She writes about medicine and the doctor-patient connection for The New York Times and her writings have been featured in the Los Angeles Times, The Washington Post, the New England Journal of Medicine, the Lancet, and on CNN.com and National Public Radio. She is the author of four books, numerous essays, and the co-founder and editor-in-chief of the Bellevue Literary Review.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Tiago grew up in Portugal, where he started his Medical Degree. As part of his degree he did his clinical training in the United Kingdom. Dr. Matos received in 2013, both the Medical Degree and the Master of Science with honors from the University of Lisbon.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " She graduated from University of Michigan with a focus on the interface between science and society. She earned her medical degree from Michigan State University College of Human Medicine, where she was awarded the Bernard Baruch Medal from the American Congress of Rehabilitation Medicine. She completed her residency at the Department of Physical Medicine and Rehabilitation at University of Michigan and is a diplomat of the American Board of Pain Medicine.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " She recently gave a TEDx talk, \u201cMedical Errors: The Silent Killer in Medicine.\u201d She can be reached on contacted on her self-titled site, Carol Gunn, MD.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " In order to message his innovation as a surgeon with advanced skills and a patient-centered focus, Dr. Argintar knew he had to increase his digital footprint and stand out in the market.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He is the Labor Member of Stafford and a member of the Legislative Assembly of Queensland, as the Minister for State Development and Minister for Natural Resources and Mines.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He completed his fellowship at Hospital for Special Surgery in New York City and additional training in thoracic deformity surgery at Children's Hospital San Diego. His specialties lie in the surgical management of disorders of the cervical, thoracic and lumbar spine, and can provide treatment ranging from microdecompressive procedures to complex spine surgery, including revision surgery.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He is a Joint Replacement and Sports Injury professional. Dr. Kamat rehearses solely Hip &Knee surgery and has set up a Center of Excellence where he puts stock in offering downright the best world class care inside of his super-claim to fame field. He was a Specialist Consultant in London UK before his late movement to Goa. Dr Kamat is among couple of elite claim to fame experts in the South-Western coastal region.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He received his medical degree at Northwestern University Feinberg School of Medicine and completed his neurosurgery residency at the University of Southern Florida, College of Medicine. Dr. Montalbano\u2019s areas of expertise are in reconstructive spine surgery, complex brain tumors, intracranial aneurysms, spinal neoplasms, and peripheral nerve.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He has delivered approximately six thousand babies in addition to having performed thousands of major and minor surgeries. He underwent further training in the hormonal area doing fellowships in antiaging medicine as well as advanced metabolic endocrinology. He currently practices hormonal medicine at the Center for Natural & Integrative Medicine in Orlando, Florida. He provides consultations regarding male and female hormonal issues, including PCOS, breast cancer prevention, menopause, alternative methods to treat uterine fibroids and cervical dysplasia, preconception counseling, and autoimmune disorders, particularly Hashimoto\u2019s.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He has specialized in trauma care, vascular surgery and hypnosis, and has done in-depth study into the evolution of HIV and cancer research and treatments. A resident of Florida, Dr. Goldstein retired from medicine but continues to travel the world, learning, teaching and sharing with others the healing powers within each person. He is the father of three grown children.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He received his medical degree from Universidad Autonoma de Guadalajara and has been in practice for 44 years. Dr. Monsivais also speaks multiple languages, including Spanish.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Internal Medicine Specialist Search 42 results. or 3985 macon Arkwright Road Suite 102 Specialty Expertise. He graduated from Meharry Med Coll Sch Of Med loss in 1974 specializes in internal medicine general surgery.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He is MD from the St. Louis University School of Medicine and a Resident of Plastic Surgery from Brown University Hospital. Certified by the American Board of Plastic Surgery, Dr. Merkel is the member of the American Society for Aesthetic Plastic Surgery and the American Society of Plastic Surgeons. He has hospital affiliation at Community Hospital.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Despite her parents\u2019 warning not to pursue medicine, Pamela followed her heart only to discover that to heal her patients she had to first heal her profession. Fed up with \u201cassembly-line medicine,\u201d Dr. Wible held town hall meetings where she invited citizens to design their ideal clinic. Open since 2005, Wible\u2019s innovative model has sparked a populist movement that has inspired Americans to create ideal clinics and hospitals nationwide. When not treating patients, Pamela devotes her time to medical student and physician suicide prevention. Named the 2015 Women Leader in Medicine, Pamela\u2019s pioneering work has been featured on several major news outlets, including the Washington Post, CNN, ABC, CBS, and NPR. She is the author of Physician Suicide Letters: Answered", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He is lead surgeon and co-investigator in the By-Band-Sleeve study. The unit became the South West Level 1 designated bariatric surgery centre in 2009, and in the same year the unit became the first International Centre of Excellence for Bariatric Surgery outside the USA.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " After practicing Emergency Medicine for 11 years, and being Chief of Staff at Mary Washington Hospital, Dr. Taylor focused his full-time attention on medical management, solidifying that commitment by returning to school and obtaining a Masters in Health Administration. He was the first CMO at Cape Fear Valley and UNC HPR. Ultimately, while at UNC HPR, Dr. Taylor became COO, with oversight of all operational functions including medical management, nursing, information technology, ancillary services, human resources, and a growing medical group, UNC Regional Physicians. UNC Regional Physicians became the largest medical group in the community with a large primary care provider base and numerous specialty groups.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " The professional possesses extensive expertise that enables him to solve multiple problems that affect the musculoskeletal system of the human body. The musculoskeletal system requires maximum care from qualified individuals. It entails the following: joints, tendons, bones, nerves, body ligaments and all the muscles. Trauma and spinal orthopedics are the areas of specialties of Dr. Greg Finch. Additionally, the expert has other skills that enable him to perform cervical surgery, spinal decompression, backbone therapy and spinal stenosis. Therefore, due to his multiple skills, he is among the most recommended orthopedic surgeons in the world. Below are some of the common orthopedic procedures performed by experienced surgeons such as Dr. Greg Finch.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She practices in Apo, Armed Forces Europe and has the professional credentials of PA-C. The NPI Number for Mali D Langlie is 1851807663 and she holds a License No. 54928 (California).", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Her writings are currently featured in prominent medical magazines and various online publications. She holds a doctorate in medicine, a master\\\u2019s in biomedicine, and a Bachelor of Science in biology from Boston College.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Chan School of Public Health FXB Center for Health and Human Rights at Harvard University in Boston. She is an Institute of Medicine, American Board of Emergency Medicine fellow in health sciences policy and cofounder of HEAL (Health, Education, Advocacy, Linkages) Trafficking, an international network of professionals com\u00adbating human trafficking from a public health perspective. Through her work, she seeks to advance research and policy on the health needs of human trafficking victims globally and locally.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Her writings are currently featured in prominent medical magazines and various online publications. She holds a doctorate in medicine, a master\u2019s in biomedicine, and a Bachelor of Science in biology from Boston College.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " She earned her Bachelor of Science degree from Arizona State University in Life Science. She then received an additional Bachelor of Science degree from Midwestern University in Medical Science in the Physician Assistant program. After earning both degrees, she earned her Master of Arts degree in Bioethics from Midwestern University.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " At his career time, he has done a lot of pediatric surgical operations. Dr. Saad Saad aimed to find the way in which he could make the methods and the procedures more effective and efficient. One of the things he was trying to do is to look for the ways to minimize the pain and dangers that the patients would experience. Therefore, his efforts won because he managed to get two discoveries and build up several unique processes of pediatric surgery. Dr. Saad Saad has over 40 years doing the operation in the society and also out of the society. Has he helped his people in the United States he attended to the teenagers and children in Holyland.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She has more than 25 years' experience as a specialist helping women with problems ranging from excessive nausea and vomiting in pregnancy (hyperemesis gravidarum) to major complications such as liver and neurological disease.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " She practices in Anchorage, Alaska and has the professional credentials of MD. The NPI Number for Janet K Allen is 1760421077 and she holds a License No. 4598 (Alaska).", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He is involved in several clinical trials funded through the Canadian Institutes for Health Research (CIHR), and is principal investigator or co-investigator in an additional thirteen randomized clinical trials. He was a founding member of the research group JOINTS Canada (jointscanada.ca), whose focus is multicentered RCT\u2019s involving common conditions of the shoulder. He is extensively involved in surgical education through his role as the Director of Education for the Canadian Surgical Technologies and Advanced Robotics (CSTAR).", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He has been practicing medicine since 2000, and he has a special interest in arthroscopy of the wrist, elbow and shoulder. He received a CAQ subspecialty certificate in orthopedic surgery of the hand from the American Board of Orthopaedic Surgery.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " A native Hoosier, Dr. Whitson completed his undergraduate degree in mechanical engineering at Purdue University, his medical doctorate at Indiana University and his PhD at the University of Minnesota in Surgery, investigating the immunobiology of minimally invasive surgery. His general surgery training was at the University of Minnesota where he also completed a Clinical Fellowship in Surgical Infectious Diseases. Dr. Whitson subsequently completed his cardiothoracic surgery training at the University of Minnesota.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " After operating on and losing a teenaged patient, he runs into Drew Hayden, an undercover vice cop. The two men connect over the kid who tried to get out of gang lifestyle. When they run into each other at the grocery store, they are more than happy to find that neither of them had read the signals wrong.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He studied medicine at the University of Carabobo, Venezuela, his degree in Cardiology was obtained at the Central University of Venezuela during his postgraduate residence at the Military Hospital of Caracas Dr. Carlos Arvelo with training in areas of non-invasive cardiology. He is a certified member of the Paraguayan Society of Cardiology and an associate member of the European Society of Cardiology. Currently he is a Cardiologist in a private practice. He has training in Medical Management and is currently the Medical Manager of the BIMA Paraguay Office since February 2017. Dr. Javier is accredited and legally authorized by the Ministry of Health and Social Welfare of Paraguay.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He has been involved with the development of laparoscopic colorectal surgery since 1992. He continues to run laparoscopic courses demonstrating new technology and techniques. His major surgical interests include colorectal cancer, inflammatory bowel disease and defaecatory disorders.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Krzeminski graduated from Temple University Lewis Katz School of Medicine in 1984 and has been in practice for 28 years. He completed a residency at Temple University Health System. He currently practices at Wellspan Neurosurgery and is affiliated with York Hospital. Dr. Krzeminski accepts multiple insurance plans including Aetna, Medicare and Cigna. Dr. Krzeminski also practices at WellSpan Behavioral Health Services in Gettysburg, PA.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He completed a residency at Fitzsimmons Army Medical Center. He currently practices at Rebound Orthopaedics & Sports Medicine and is affiliated with Frankfort Regional Medical Center, Bluegrass Community Hospital and Central Baptist Hospital. Dr. Dobner accepts multiple insurance plans including Medicare, Humana and Blue Cross Blue Shield of Illinois.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Hunstad graduated from Michigan State University College of Human Medicine in 1981 and has been in practice for 36 years. He completed a residency at Grand Rapids Area Medical Education Center. Dr. Hunstad also specializes in Surgery. He currently practices at The Hunstad Kortesis Center and is affiliated with Carolinas Medical Center University. In addition to English, Dr. Hunstad's practice supports this language: Spanish.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Born in Pittsburgh and grew up in Southern California, she earned her B.S. degree in Respiratory Therapy from Indiana University and her Masters of Medical Sciences from Barry University Physician Assistant program in Miami, FL. Amee has been specializing in dermatology since 2006. She is experienced in management and treatment of acne, warts, rashes and psoriasis. She is proficient in detecting and treating skin cancers. Prior to specializing Amee practiced 3 years in Family Medicine and 2 years assisting with MOHS surgery.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He is an expert in the surgical care of complex spinal disorders and orthopaedic trauma. Dr. Prasarn has authored numerous peer-reviewed journal articles and book chapters on spine trauma, the degenerative spine, pelvic fractures, non-unions, and other complex fractures.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Find Dr. Dhir's phone number, address. Dhir is a surgeon in Omaha, Nebraska. He received his medical degree from All India Institute of Medical Sciences and has been in practice between 6-10 years. Education & Medical Training. University of Nebraska Medical Center", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She has surgical expertise in a wide variety of nasal surgery, including septoplasty, rhinoplasty (revision and primary), and complex nasal reconstruction, and also specializes in cosmetic facial plastic surgery.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Sperling graduated from Georgetown University School of Medicine in 1984 and has been in practice for 34 years. He completed a residency at Monmouth Medical Center. He currently practices at Waleed Albert MD and is affiliated with Faxton St Luke's Healthcare Faxton Campus. Dr. Sperling accepts multiple insurance plans including Aetna, MVP Health Plan and Empire Blue Cross Blue Shield. Dr. Sperling also practices at Regional Cancer Center in Utica, NY.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She graduated with the doctoral degree in Clinical Oncology from Sun Yat-sen University in 2010. At present, she serves as the attending physician in Sun Yat-sen University Cancer Center. Her research interests are in chemotherapy, radiation therapy, combination therapy for nasopharyngeal carcinoma; prevention and treatment of radiotherapy side reaction; the mechanism of nasopharyngeal carcinoma distant metastasis and its prevention & treatment.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " She is also the director of the palliative care track of the Chronic Care Clerkship for 4th year medical students at UWSOM. Dr. Bender earned a bachelor's degree from Hanover College and her M.D. from Indiana University School of Medicine. She is board certified in family medicine and hospice and palliative medicine. Dr. Bender's clinical interests include pain and symptom management. Dr. Bender especially likes to find out what is important to patients and their families and help determine how to incorporate this into their medical care.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " His introduction to the sport was through some Americans he befriended on a surfing trip to Puerto Rico, and who then invited him on their regular heli-ski trip.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She is certified in Internal Medicine by the American Board of Internal Medicine, with added qualifications in geriatric medicine. Her clinical interests include aging, Alzheimer\u2019s disease and other dementias, functional impairment and optimizing function in older adults, polypharmacy, falls, mood disorders in older adults, female incontinence, osteoporosis, and complementary and alternative medicine. She is also interested in and dedicated to interdisciplinary education in geriatrics.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Dr. Centeno graduated from University of California Los Angeles David Geffen School of Medicine in 2000 and has been in practice for 17 years. He completed a residency at Stanford University. He currently practices at Bay Area Orthopedic Surgery & Sports Medicine and is affiliated with Sutter Solano Medical Center. Dr. Centeno accepts multiple insurance plans including Aetna, Medicare and Humana. In addition to English, Dr. Centeno's practice supports this language: Spanish.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He practices in Billings, Montana and has the professional credentials of PA. The NPI Number for Peter Brian Bulley is 1134110927 and he holds a License No. 429 (Montana).", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Dr. Valentino graduated from Saint Louis University School of Medicine in 2007 and has been in practice for 11 years. He completed a residency at University of Kentucky Medical Center. Dr. Valentino accepts multiple insurance plans including Aetna, Medicare and Humana. In addition to English, Dr. Valentino's practice supports these languages: Spanish, French, Arabic, Vietnamese, Russian and German.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He is the founder of intra-operative MRI technology for brain tumor surgeries in India and is a proven expertise in performing tumor surgeries. Dr. Ajaya Nanda is chairman for the institute of Neurosciences Medanta, -The Medicity. Dr. Jha has initiated several fellowships and training programs for doctors, technicians, and nurses in order to promote quality and ethical practice. He was awarded for his special excellence. Dr. Jha was famous for using frameless Stereotaxis and developed a dedicated Radio Surgical system at Indraprastha Apollo Hospitals, New Delhi.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He received his medical degree from Cairo University\u2019s School of Medicine in 1971. He has over 40 years of experience in the field. He currently holds a four out of five-star rating with his patients. He received the Patients Choice Award, as well as the Compassionate Doctor Recognition in 2014.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Emily has practiced dermatology in Austin, TX and Winchester, VA and is now thrilled to plant her roots in Arizona. Emily can diagnose and treat a wide variety of dermatological conditions including acne, eczema, psoriasis, warts, hair loss, acute and chronic rashes, and skin cancers. In addition to providing care in all areas of medical dermatology, Emily performs dermatological surgery and cosmetic procedures. Emily is a native of Walkersville, MD but now lives in Scottsdale with her husband and two dogs. Emily enjoys traveling, sports, and spending time with family.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " She earned her master\u2019s degree in physician assistant studies from the College of Medicine at the University of Florida in Gainesville. She specializes in orthopedic surgery, sports medicine and traumatology. Kayla joined the Center of Spine and Orthopedics in March 2018 and serves as Dr. Lucas Schnell\u2019s surgical assistant. She also plays an active role in the care of orthopedic patients, including initial examination, assessment, diagnosis, treatment and the education of patients and family member prior to surgery and post-operatively, including discharge instructions. Kayla strives to stay on the cutting edge of new techniques and treatment.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He is a member of the Pediatric Orthopedic Society of North America, the Scoliosis Research Society, the American Academy of Cerebral Palsy and Developmental Medicine, the American Academy of Orthopedic Surgeons, and the American Medical Association.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Slaughter earned his degree at the University of Cincinnati College of Medicine after which he served his residency in Orthopedic Surgery at Maricopa Medical Center in Phoenix, Arizona.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He is a TOP German urologist specialized in treatment of prostate cancer, bladder cancer, renal cancer, testicular cancer, benign enlargement of the prostate, urinary calculi, etc. The Doctor was recogn ... Read more", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He has worked with several organizations of repute such as Private Hospital of Sport Medicine Paris V; the main Sport Private Hospital in Paris, American Hospital of Paris, and University Hospital of La Piti\u00e9-Salp\u00e9tri\u00e8re. In addition, he holds professional memberships and board positions at a number of societies including French Society of Sports Traumatology (SFTS), The French Arthroscopic Society, French Society of Orthopaedic and Traumatologic Surgery (SOFCOT), European Federation of National Associations of Orthopaedic Sports Traumatology (EFOST) and International Society of Arthroscopy, Knee Surgery and Orthopaedic Sports Medicine (ISAKOS)", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Joseph\u2019s Hospital and Medical Center. He is an Instructor of Obstetrics and Gynecology at Creighton University School of Medicine and a Clinical Instructor of Obstetrics and Gynecology at the University of Arizona College of Medicine.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He has specialty fellowship training in knee, shoulder, and sports medicine disciplines. His practice focuses is on the treatment of disorders of the knee, shoulder, elbow, and hip, including arthroscopic reconstructive and joint replacement procedures. He has a special interest in and has lectured nationally and internationally on the development of new arthroscopic reconstructive and minimally invasive surgical techniques for the knee and shoulder.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " His practice is mainly foot and ankle surgery, ranging from trauma, athletic injuries, arthritis, and deformities. Despite being in private practice, he is still actively involved in professional societies, research, and mentorship. Along with two colleagues, this passion for mentoring has led to the development of Orthomentor, an online platform to help guide students through the residency application process. When not practicing medicine, he enjoys spending time with his wife, Liz.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He sees and treats knee injuries on a regular basis, and makes it clear that once the soft tissue in the knee is damaged even slightly, the process of arthritis begins, and will continue.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She graduated from Long Island University in 2000 with a degree in physician assistant studies, and she also holds an MBA in finance and international business from Zicklin School of Business.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He earned his medical degree from Ohio State University. He then completed an internship in surgery at Mt. Carmel Medical Center, followed by a residency in orthopedic surgery at the Akron General Medical Center. Dr. Fisher is available for consultations at Summa Health Medical Group \u2013 Orthopedic and Sports. He is board certified by the American Board of Orthopaedic Surgery. His goal is to restore the highest possible level of function and strive towards the patients' recuperation through his skilled surgical techniques. Dr. Fisher is enthusiastic and detail-oriented in assessing patient needs, as well as in providing thorough recommendations for the development of an appropriate patient treatment plan. He focuses on all aspects of a patient's experience which drives him towards excellence in providing healthcare.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Although he has extensive experience and specializes in all of the various procedures that he performs, he is best known for being a Rhinoplasty expert.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He has practiced medicine in the states of New York, California, Indiana and Iowa. He recently earned a Certificate of Distinction from the Indiana State Medical Association for 50 years of medical practice. He studied medicine at Howard University and undergraduate studies at City College of New York.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He is the former Attending-in-Charge of Plastic Surgery at Brooklyn Jewish Hospital and the former Chief of Plastic Surgery at the Interfaith Medical Center in Brooklyn, NY where he created a program in hand and microvascular surgery and trained young plastic surgeons, many of whom are in esteemed practice today. Dr. John Bonanno has been on the plastic surgery staff of many premier New York Hospitals and is a respected specialist in cosmetic surgery, especially nasal and facial plastic surgery, and cosmetic surgery of the breast. He has operated on many well-known public figures, actors and actresses, performers, models, and professionals including many of his plastic surgical colleagues and their families.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He\u2019s an extremely helpful and excellent orthopaedic surgeon who deals with trauma. He\u2019s a trauma expert. He\u2019s brilliant. Patients speak highly of him too. He\u2019s always available to help.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Hanel is known internationally for his skill in treating acute stroke and cerebrovascular conditions with ground breaking, minimally invasive techniques performed via catheter from inside the blood vessels.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He performs a wide range of surgical, non-surgical, and minimally invasive cosmetic procedures at his clinic in Utah, including body sculpting and breast augmentation. Dr. Warnock is also a pediatric craniofacial and cleft surgeon, as well as a member of the Premier Plastic Surgery Group of Utah.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " In 2008, he founded Save a Mother, which works to improve hygiene, nutrition, water quality, and health seeking behavior of rural Indians. Save a Mother has reduced maternal mortality rates by 93% and child mortality rates by 66% in over 1000 villages.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He sees patients at Bothwell Orthopedics & Sports Medicine in Sedalia, Missouri. Dr. Edwards\u2019 former private practice with Douglas Kiburz, MD, was named West Central Missouri Orthopaedic Surgical Services, PC, and has been affiliated with Bothwell Regional Health Center since 1986.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He is a graduate of Williams College and Stanford Medical School. He completed a surgical internship at Massachusetts General Hospital and an Orthopaedic surgery residency through the Harvard Combined Orthopaedic Residency Program as well as a Sports Medicine and Arthroscopy fellowship at Harvard.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Prior to moving to the DC area in 2011, Ms. Skae lived in Chicago and worked at the Northwestern University Department of Dermatology. She graduated from Duke University in 2005 with her Masters in Health Science where she obtained her certification as a Physician Assistant. Ms. Skae is currently a member of the American Academy of Physician Assistants and Society of Dermatology Physician Assistants. Her clinical interests include detection and treatment of skin cancers as well as treatment of acne, psoriasis, and eczema. She also has a keen interest in wound care and care for the aging skin. She is an avid believer in patient education and enjoys teaching patients about skin health and cancer prevention.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Joseph Health Medical Group. He received his medical degree from Keck School of Medicine of USC and has been in practice for more than 20 years. His area of interest include general/trauma surgery and vascular surgery.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " A medical graduate from the Christian Medical College, Vellore, and postgraduate in Internal Medicine from the Christian Medical College and Hospital, Ludhiana, she has authored various publications and articles for the medical fraternity.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Sebastian takes on the appearance of areq tall, handsome adult with 2013 slot values hair, red eyes, and pale skin. He typically dresses in a butler's outfit, which consists of black trousers, a. Soul Eater is a shonen manga by Atsushi Ohkubo which has been regularly serialized in Monthly Shonen Gangan arew 2004.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She completed her pediatric residency at Hasbro Children\u2019s Hospital, Providence, RI prior to training in adolescent medicine at BCH. In addition to primary care, Dr. Hassan focuses her clinical interests in caring for high-risk youth, reproductive endocrinology, and international health. She also maintains an active role in medical education and has a particular interest in building and developing innovative teaching tools through open educational resources. She currently teaches, consults, and is involved in pediatric and adolescent curricula development at multiple sites abroad in Central America and Southeast Asia.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " She is an Instructor of Medicine at Harvard Medical School, and Assistant in Medicine at MGH, and co-chairs the REU Shoolman Visiting Professor Research seminar series. She received her medical degree from Duke University School of Medicine, trained in Internal Medicine at Beth Israel Deaconess Medical Center and completed her fellowship in Endocrinology at Massachusetts General Hospital.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He received his medical degree from the University of Chicago Pritzker School of Medicine and completed his orthopedic residency at Yale University. Dr. Berdia teaches medical students and residents and has many publications related to kinematic analysis of wrist motion, wrist instability and distal radius fractures.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He is Director of the London Gamma Knife Centre at St Barts Hospital and Neurosurgical Tutor to the Royal College of Surgeons of England. His clinical interests include Skull Base Surgery (Acoustic Neuromas, Pituitary Tumours, and Trigeminal Neuralgia), Neuro-Oncology, Cervical Spine Surgery and Gamma Knife Radiosurgery. He also holds a research interest in endoscopic minimally invasive neurosurgery.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He is a member of NSSI and Neurological Society of India and AANS. He currently practices at Rtiics Lansdowne Clinic, Mon to Fri 10:00 am \u2013 12:00 pm. Consultation fee for this doctor is INR 600.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Anderson graduated from University of Michigan Medical School in 1987 and has been in practice for 30 years. He completed a residency at McGaw Medical Center of Northwestern University. He currently practices at Michigan Sports Med & Ortho Ctr and is affiliated with St Joseph Mercy Ann Arbor Hospital. Dr. Anderson accepts multiple insurance plans including Blue Cross Blue Shield of Michigan, Medicare and Cigna. Dr. Anderson is board certified in Orthopaedic Surgery. Displaying the profile of a physician or provider on this website does not constitute or imply endorsement, recommendation, or favoring by the sponsoring hospital. The views and opinions of authors expressed herein do not necessarily state or reflect those of Trinity Health Corporation or any of its hospitals/ministries, and shall not be used for advertising or product endorsement purposes.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She joined Family Practice Center and began her career as a physician assistant in 2007. Erin currently sees patients in Loysville, PA. </p> <p><strong>Education:</strong></p> <ul> <li>MS &ndash; Physician Assistant Studies, Arcadia University, Glenside, PA</li> <li>BS &ndash; Health Science/Psychology Minor, Lock Haven University, Lock Haven, PA</li> </ul> <p><strong>Certification: <", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He received his undergraduate degree in biomedical engineering at Duke University and earned a medical degree from Duke University School of Medicine. Dr. Kitzmiller completed his residency in general surgery at the University of Cincinnati and a residency in plastic, reconstructive, and hand surgery at University of Cincinnati. He completed a fellowship in burn surgery at Shriners Hospitals for Children \u2014 Cincinnati, a fellowship in cosmetic surgery with Doctors Baker and Gordon in Miami, and a fellowship in hand and microvascular surgery", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He has a decade of experience performing a variety of cosmetic surgeries, and his unique educational background at some of the nation\u2019s most prestigious medical centers allows him to perform cutting-edge plastic surgery procedures for his patients. This includes face lifts, breast augmentations, tummy tucks and rhinoplasties.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He specialises in treating bone and soft tissue tumours of the musculoskeletal system and in joint replacement or adult reconstruction surgery, such as bone transplants and custom implants in revision joint surgery.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Walker graduated from Mercer University School of Medicine in 2003 and has been in practice for 15 years. He currently practices at The Wiregrass Medical & Surgical Group Inc and is affiliated with Donalsonville Hospital. Dr. Walker accepts multiple insurance plans including Aetna, Medicare and Humana. In addition to English, Dr. Walker's practice supports this language: Spanish.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He earned lifetime certification by the American Board of Ophthalmology. His practice has earned accreditation by the California Medical Association\u2019s Institute for Medical Quality as an office-based ambulatory surgery center and Medicare Deemed Status ensuring safety and quality assurance.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Previously, Nicolelis had been best known for implanting electrode arrays into a monkey\u2019s brain that allowed him to detect the monkey\u2019s motor intent and then control the animal\u2019s reaching and grasping movements performed by a robotic arm. He is the co-founder and scientific director of the Safra International Institute for Neuroscience of Natal, a brain research facility in Brazil, and in 2011 was appointed by Pope Benedict XVI as an ordinary member of the Pontifical Academy of Sciences.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " The Neurosurgeon in Mumbai has an experience of 36 years in this field. After completing his basic medical study, Dr. Rajan Shah Neurosurgeon underwent various training to do specialization in the brain, spine, and peripheral nervous system surgery.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " The piles treatment is done by him at Aum Clinics, Dwarka, with complete dedication and devotion. The nature and the type of treatment given to the patients hinges on the nature and grade of piles. The Grade 3 and Grade 4 of piles are severe cases which can be treated only with surgery. Whereas Grade 1 and Grade 2 are mild cases which can be done away with medications and home remedies as well.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She joined Family Practice Center and began her career as a physician assistant in 2007. Erin currently sees patients in Loysville, PA. </p> <p><strong>Education:</strong></p> <ul> <li>MS &ndash; Physician Assistant Studies, Arcadia University, Glenside, PA</li> <li>BS &ndash; Health Science/Psychology Minor, Lock Haven University, Lock Haven, PA</li> </ul> <", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Dr. Kayanja also specializes in Spine Surgery. He currently practices at Wright State Orthopaedics & Sports Medicine and is affiliated with Dayton VA Medical Center. Dr. Kayanja accepts multiple insurance plans including Aetna, Medical Mutual of Ohio and Medicare. Dr. Kayanja also practices at Gregory Lee Barbour DPM in Dayton, OH. In addition to English, Dr. Kayanja's practice supports these languages: Spanish and French.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Perennially voted one of Richmond\u2019s \u201cTop Docs,\u201d he has a strong commitment to excellence in all aspects of orthopedic care, ensuring that every patient is treated with courtesy and compassion. He has served as the team physician for the U.S. Olympic ski team and Olympic training camp, as well as various professional soccer, football, and hockey teams.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He completed his medical school from the College of Physicians and Surgeons of Columbia University. For his post-medical school training, he joined McGaw Medical Center of Northwestern University as a resident of Plastic Surgery. He also worked as a fellow of Orthopaedic Hand Surgery at Columbia University Medical Center. Certified by the American Board of Plastic Surgery, he has hospital affiliations at Ellis Hospital, Albany Medical Center and Albany Memorial Hospital and many other loyal hospitals.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " For several years, individuals have went to his practice from all through the entire Dominican Republic and also the United States and surrounding countries. He's earned a really positive reputation because of his professionalism, working experience, and superb results.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He received his medical degree at The George Washington University in Washington. Dr. Dugar specializes in skin and facial procedures like rhinoplasty, facial injections, botox, lips, facial fillers and skin lasers.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He currently serves on the American Academy of Orthopaedic Surgeons Council on Education. In addition, he is now serving a four-year term as Chairman of the Annual Meeting Committee for the American Academy of Orthopaedic Surgeons. He is a past President of the Pediatric Orthopaedic Society of North America (POSNA) and was recently honored with the 2011 Distinguished Achievement Award. Dr. Price is also Director of the International Hip Dysplasia Institute (IHDI).", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She also serves as the Simulation Director for the FRCP-EM residency program. She completed both her Bachelor of Science and her medical degree at the University of Manitoba. Dr. Caners then completed both her FRCP emergency medicine training and her fellowship in simulation and medical education at McMaster University. In the process, she developed a simulation curriculum for the FRCP residents at McMaster. She hopes that this blog will help save other programs from the need to \u201cstart from scratch.\u201d She is particularly excited about bringing the FOAMed concept (already pervasive within the EM community) to the simulation world.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " When home intruders brutally attack his wife and young daughter, Kersey becomes obsessed with delivering vigilante justice to the perpetrators. As the anonymous slayings grab the media's attention, the public begins to wonder if the deadly avenger is a guardian angel -- or the Grim Reaper itself. - Synopsis courtesy of Tribune Media Service", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She received her bachelor of science in biology from Indiana University in Bloomington and her master of physician assistant studies from Butler University in Indianapolis in 2010.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Dr. Camunas graduated from University of Miami Leonard M Miller School of Medicine in 1977 and has been in practice for 41 years. He completed a residency at United States Army Medical Center. He currently practices at Ghs Umg and is affiliated with Greenville Memorial Medical Campus and Hillcrest Hospital. Dr. Camunas accepts multiple insurance plans including TRICARE, Aetna and BCBS South Carolina. Dr. Camunas also practices at Greenville Memorial Medical Center Residency Program in Greenville, SC. In addition to English, Dr. Camunas's practice supports these languages: French and Spanish.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He received his Master\u2019s degree in Physician Assistant studies in 2006 from Wayne State University and received his Bachelors of Science in Biological Sciences from Michigan State University in 1989. He is a current member of the American Association of Physician Assistants (AAPA) and Michigan Association of Physician Assistants (MAPA). Dean has a special interest in preventative care and urgent care medicine.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He has a passionate interest in preventive health and travels speaking and lecturing on this topic to business people, schools, medical colleagues and other groups. His powerful message is drawn from his many years\u2019 experience as a surgical oncologist and breast reduction and reconstructive specialist. See www.youtube.com/watch?v=SF9nRL63Gyc", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " His reputation for excellence, state-of-the-art techniques and compassion has helped to create a large patient following. He has a true passion for making a difference in the lives of his patients. Utilizing his surgical expertise and more than 20 years of plastic surgery experience, Dr. Bengtson travels the world to educate other plastic surgeons on his innovative procedures and techniques. He is passionate about helping others find the right path to ensure safe, natural, and restored results.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Arscott has done a number of major presentations and has done publications in the British Journal of Plastic Surgery and he is a member of the British Association of Plastic Reconstructive and Aesthetic Surgeons, Associations of Surgeon in Jamaica and Association of Government Consultant of Jamaica among others. He is chairman of the Medical Committee Jamaica Football Federation and Member of CONCACAF sports Medicine Committee.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " After earning a bachelor's degree in biology at Barry University in Miami, Florida, she went on to complete a joint degree program at Miami Dade College and Saint Francis University, earning a degree in physician assistant studies and a master's in medical science.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He is a partner at Tallahassee Neurological Clinic (TNC), and practices exclusively at Tallahassee Memorial Hospital (TMH), the only Comprehensive Stroke Center in the region.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Laino received his medical degree from Ohio State University College of Medicine and Public Health, completed his residency at New York University Hospital for Joint Diseases, and his fellowship at Duke University Medical Center. He is an active member of the American Academy of Orthopaedic Surgeons, American Society for Surgery of the Hand, Duke Hand Club, and Piedmont Orthopedic Society.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He graduated from the University of Melbourne medical school and completed surgical training in Melbourne. Subsequent to that he worked in the Nottingham City Hospital Breast Centre as a Clinical and Research Fellow. During that time he completed a Doctorate of Medicine; undertaking a research project and thesis on biological changes in breast cancer. Following this, Peter worked in the Mount Sinai Hospital in Toronto, completing a Fellowship in Minimal Access Surgery.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She practices in Anchorage, Alaska and has the professional credentials of MD. The NPI Number for Lisbeth A Gallagher is 1144210303 and she holds a License No. 5459 (Alaska).", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " With an aptitude in administration, he was the Medical Director at M S Ramaiah Medical Teaching Hospital from 1998-2003 and at Ramaiah Memorial Hospital from 2004 to 2011. He is now the President, International Program and Strategic Alliance at Ramaiah Memorial Hospital. He is the member of Board of Studies in Medical (PG) \u2013 (Clinical) \u2013 Rajiv Gandhi University of Health Sciences and President for Orthopedic Association of South Indian States for the year 2012 \u2013 2013. He has been conferred with International Youth Exchange Programme Award by the Rotary International in 1993 and Howmedica Fellowship in 1993, HongKong.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Johansen specializes in the diagnosis, treatment and rehabilitation of injuries, diseases and disorders of the bodys musculoskeletal system. As an orthopaedic surgeon, Dr. Johansen tends to bones, ligaments, muscles, joints, nerves and tendons. Orthopaedic surgeons can specialize in certain areas like the hand, spine, hip, foot and ankle, shoulder and elbow or the knee.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Yamahata specializes in a comprehensive range of procedures including breast augmentation, tummy tucks, facelifts, breast lifts, liposuction, eyelid lifts, breast reduction, and ear surgery. From his offices in Sacramento and Roseville, he serves patients throughout Northern California. Please visit Dr. Yamahata's website to learn more about the procedures he performs!", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He received his undergraduate degree from SMU, a doctor of medicine from The University of Texas at Houston, and completed a residency in orthopaedic surgery at The University of Colorado, Denver. Following his residency, Dr. Hasson received an additional year of training doing a fellowship in Adult Reconstruction at the prestigious Insall Scott Kelly/NYU Hospital for Joint Diseases.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She has specialized in high risk obstetrics and gynecology for over 15 years, with a strong focus on type 1 diabetes in pregnancy. Her interest in type 1 diabetes began when she met her husband, who was diagnosed as a teenager. Her passion was further fueled when her daughter was diagnosed with type 1 diabetes at four years old. Liz takes pride in using both her clinical skills and personal experience to help her patients achieve healthy, happy pregnancies.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " This year she combined her abiding interests in the written, spoken, and sung word and, taking advantage of a municipal law for cultural incentive (widely utilized by independent artists in Curitiba), produced Artigo Oitavo, a handsome poetry book with a bundled CD in which selected poems were recorded\u2014some read, some sung, but all with musical accompaniment\u2014by a team of top musicians, singers, and actors.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He practices pediatric cardiology at Wesley Pediatrics and Wesley Children\u2019s Hospital where he focuses on providing evidence-based, compassionate care in treating his patient\u2019s pediatric heart conditions.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " She strives to provide the most advanced care to patients, and finds patient interaction and care to be the most rewarding part of working in the field of dermatology.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He is a graduate of the OK School of Medicine and has his own independent practice. Dr. Watts talks about why he chose a career in medicine, the path he took to become a specialist and running an independent practice.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He has over two decades of experience treating Baltimore cosmetic surgery patients. The American Society for Aesthetic Plastic Surgery has recognized Dr. Schuster's authority in the field by awarding him a Certificate of Excellence for his research on facelift surgical approaches. Outside his private practice, Dr. Schuster serves as Northwest Hospital Center's Chief of Plastic Surgery. He is dedicated to improving patients' appearance \u2014 while preserving their unique beauty \u2014 with safe and effective plastic surgery care, so they feel more confident and can enjoy life to the fullest.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She graduated from the University of the Cumberlands in Williamsburg, KY, with a Masters in Physician Assistant Studies in May of 2014. She received her Bachelors in Health Sciences in 2013 from the same institution where she received many awards and recognitions including induction into the J.T. Valandingham Honor Society as well as being recognized by Who\u2019s Who Among Students in American Universities. She is a 2009 graduate of Scott High School where she was named one of the valedictorians of her graduating class. Brittney has a passion for primary care, striving to provide preventative medicine to patients to avoid chronic illness. It is her goal and desire to make her patients\u2019 overall health better, so that they are able to live their lives to their fullest potential.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " While practicing all aspects of otolaryngology, he has a special interest in sinus and sleep disorders. In his practice, he takes great care to educate his patients and apply his medical expertise to guide them through their medical decisions.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Law was born in Memphis, Tennessee, and grew up in Birmingham, Alabama. She came to Medical Associates of North Georgia in 2010, and has clinical interests in women\u2019s health, adolescent medicine and osteoporosis. Dr. Law resides in Alpharetta, and in her free time, enjoys running and spending time with her husband, Dr. Victor Chen (a rheumatologist at Medical Associates of North Georgia), and two children.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He is the co-founder of Innovative Pain and Spine Physicians, which focuses on the multi-disciplinary approach of treating pain from a variety of disease processes including neck and back spinal \u2026", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " His skills are so honed that this doctor can do more than repair a disfigurement or heal a diseased body\u2014his hands can do the truly fantastical. Black Jack can swap brains, limbs and even create bodies for un-housed organs to live in. His fee is high, but he carries a hidden set of scruples. It's not rare to find Black Jack slyly working for a fee far less than he would usually claim.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " After serving as the Medical Director for the Sports Concussion Program at Seattle Children\u2019s Hospital, Sam became an unaffiliated Neurologic Consultant for the NFL and now conducts research in concussion, hydrocephalus, and biomedical engineering. Along with serving as a member of the UW Presidential Entrepreneurial Faculty, he is a co-founder, Chief Medical Officer at VICIS, and Director of the University Of Washington Sports Health and Safety Institute.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Her private practice, CANNABIS PLUS, provides medical marijuana evaluations and natural health consulting with offices in Monterey and Santa Cruz, California. Prior to clinical practice, Dr. Malka completed her doctorate in Human Genetics from Columbia University, and studied both natural and traditional medicine, with degrees from the University of New Mexico School of Medicine and the Santa Fe College of Natural Medicine. The field of cannabis medicine allows her to integrate her expertise in allopathic medicine, herbal medicine, research, and patient care.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Dr. Adams obtained her undergraduate degree at Anderson University in South Carolina and her Doctor of Optometry degree from Southern College of Optometry. She completed her internships at The Eye Center in Memphis, TN, Draisin Vision Group in Charleston, SC and Hughes Eye Center in Jackson, TN.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " She is an Assistant professor at the Department of Family and Community Medicine, and Division of Palliative Care at the University of Toronto who actively involved teaching medical students and residents. She has a broad international experience and a solid research background. Her research was accepted nationally and internationally. She is an author of multiple manuscripts focused on geriatrics, patient\u2019s centered care, ethical and legal aspect of doctor patient relationship, palliative and end-of-life care.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He joined Lakeshore Bone & Joint Institute in 2011. Dr. Plank\u2019s surgical expertise includes shoulder and knee arthroscopy, ACL reconstruction, meniscal repair, ankle and wrist fracture surgery, shoulder and knee replacement, carpal tunnel release, and rotator cuff repair. In his practice, Dr. Plank\u2019s goal is to return patients of all ages to their previous level of function to help them enjoy life again.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She earned her bachelor\u2019s degree in biology at College of the Holy Cross and a master\u2019s of health science in physician assistant studies at Duke University. She joined Johns Hopkins in 2017.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He also provides care for traumatic and sports-related shoulder and elbow injuries. Dr. Waxman offers patients advanced treatments, including new techniques for meniscus repairs, ankle fusions and tendon transfers. When medically advisable, he offers arthroscopic surgery, which reduces pain and speeds recovery times. Cheerful and easy-going, Dr. Waxman combines strong surgical abilities with good communication skills. In providing care, he looks at the patient as a whole, treating the person, not merely the orthopedic problem. He seeks to take care of the problem with the treatment that will be easiest and [...]", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Her approach is to provide individualized care for patients. She analyses each patient by taking a thorough health history, performing physical exam techniques, and using advanced diagnostic testing. Her training has made her knowledgeable and proficient in making health care decisions and recommendations that involve lifestyle changes and ...", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He currently serves as the Vice Chairman and Director of Education at the University of Texas Houston Department of Neurosurgery. Previously, he was the Chairman and Program Director of the Department of Neurosurgery, Director of the Cerebrovascular Center, and Director of the Neurologic Sports Injury Center at the Brigham and Women's Hospital of Boston, Massachusetts. He has served as a visiting professor at numerous medical schools in the United States and abroad.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " His aim is to reduce the prevalence of blindness using translational research to develop effective new treatments for retinal vascular and neurodegenerative diseases. He collaborates widely in multidisciplinary research programmes to develop new molecular and cellular therapies. His own programme of research extends from the laboratory investigation of mechanisms of retinal disease in experimental models, through preclinical development of novel therapies, to clinical trials of new medical and surgical interventions. In 2007 he performed the World's first gene therapy for inherited blindness and in 2012 Europe's first stem cell transplantation for macular degeneration.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He received his undergraduate and masters degrees from the University of North Carolina and his medical degree from the Duke University School of Medicine.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He completed his medical degree from University of Connecticut Health Center and worked as a Plastic Surgeon at Wayne State University. He is a member of American Society of Plastic Surgeons and has hospital affiliation at Coral Springs Medical Center.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Her most recent honors include the James S. Winshall, MD Leadership Award, from the BWH Physician Recognition Awards; and the AAAAI Busse Family Lectureship Award, from the AAAAI.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " She currently serves as the vice-chief of Anesthesiology Department at memorial Regional Hospital East. Dr. Miles earned her medical degree from the University of Illinois College of Medicine in 1989. She completed her internship at Mount Sinai/Miami Heart Institute and her residency was conducted at the University of Miami/Jackson Memorial Hospital in 1993.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Dr. Watt earned his master of science degree in biotechnology from Pennsylvania State University in University Park, Pennsylvania.He earned his medical doctorate from Thomas Jefferson Medical College in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. Dr. Watt completed a fellowship in biochemistry at Walter Reed Army Institute of Research inWashington, DC. He was a research scholar in radiation oncology at Thomas Jefferson University in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. He completed an internship and residency in general surgery at TheUniversity of Arizona in Tucson, Arizona, where he also went on to complete a fellowship in surgical critical care and acute care surgery. He has also served as a United States Army Reserve Officer for many years. Dr. Watt has published a number of articles in medical journals and has presented several posters on his research.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Oglesby graduated from Medical College of Georgia at Augusta University in 1959 and has been in practice for 56 years. Dr. Oglesby also specializes in Family Medicine and Gastroenterology. He currently practices at James E Oglesby MD PA and is affiliated with Florida Hospital Kissimmee. Dr. Oglesby accepts multiple insurance plans including Aetna, Medicare and Humana. In addition to English, Dr. Oglesby's practice supports these languages: Italian, German and Spanish.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He is co-chairman of Citizens for Peaceful Resolutions (www.c-p-r.net). He sits on the Boards of Physicians for Social Responsibility Los Angeles (www.psrla.org) where he is also a Peace and Security Ambassador and Beyond War (www.beyondwar.org) where he heads the Nuclear Weapons Abolition Team. In addition he sits on the PSR National Security Committee.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He is a specialist in the treatment of stroke, brain bleeds, cerebral aneurysms, arteriovenous malformations (AVMs), carotid diseases, and the ICU care of neurological patients. In addition to cerebro vascular disease, Dr. Rao has extensive training in the treatment of brain and spine tumors, brain and spine trauma, minimally invasive pituitary and skull base surgery, and minimally invasive and open spine surgery. Dr. Rao also has a special interest in hair-sparing brain surgery and always tries to keep patients looking the same pre and post-op.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " In 1994 he graduated from Queensland University with a Bachelor of Medicine and Surgery. Dr O'Neill then went on to study in the surgical field, specialising in otolaryngology, head and neck surgery.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He is admired by his colleagues, loved by his patients, and due to marry his boss' daughter, the beautiful Eva Heinemann. One day, when two patients in desperate need of emergency surgery are wheeled into his hospital, Tenma faces a terrible choice of saving the orphaned boy who came first or the mayor of D\u00fcsseldorf, whose recovery would raise the hospital's profile and boost his own career. Against the demands of his superior, Tenma does what he believes is right and saves the child. However, his decision not only damages his prospects, but unleashes a chain of events so horrific that it might have come from the depths of his worst nightmares. Laden with guilt, Tenma begins a journey across Germany in search of a formidable young man who will challenge his morals, his love for life, and his very sanity.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Since 2008, he has served as the Director of Cardiac Surgery for Salinas Valley Memorial Healthcare System. Read more about Dr. DeFilippi who U.S. News & World Report has repeatedly named Top Doc.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He performs procedures at the The Surgery Center at Lutheran in Wheat Ridge, Colo., a Pinnacle III-managed facility. Dr. Ciccone completed his arthroscopy and sports medicine fellowship at the University of California San Diego. He has served as a medical director for the Rocky Mountain State Games, States Games of America and United States Olympic Training Center in Chula Vista, Calif.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Joseph Health Medical Group, and the Director of Neurosurgery and Neurotrauma at Santa Rosa Memorial Hospital. In addition to general neurosurgery, his specialty interests include brain tumors, spine trauma, degenerative spine, spine tumors, and complex spinal instrumentation. Dr. Consiglieri believes in a multispecialty approach to the treatment of the degenerative spine with an extremely conservative approach to surgical decision making.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She received her medical degree from New York Medical College and is a member of The American Society of Breast Surgeons. She provides a wide range of surgical services including lumpectomy, mastectomy, lymph node procedures, counseling and testing for genetic breast cancer syndromes, as well as treating benign breast disease like fibroadenomas, mastitis, and breast infections.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She joined Family Practice Center and began her career as a physician assistant in 2007. Erin currently sees patients in Loysville, PA. </p> <p><strong>Education:</strong></p> <ul> <li>MS &ndash; Physician Assistant Studies, Arcadia University, Glenside, PA</li> <li>BS &ndash; Health Science/Psychology Mino", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He has work experience of Sixteen years in this specialty. His special interest lies in Minimal Invasive Neurosurgery,Skull Base Surgery and Vascular Neurosurgery.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Sebastian takes on slot machine odds of winning jackpot appearance of acsino tall, handsome adult with black hair, detroit motor city casino promotions eyes, and pale skin. He typically dresses in a promootions outfit, which consists of black trousers, a.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He has experience in pediatric surgery in the United States and Cairo, Egypt. Dr. Wadie specializes in performing adolescent weight loss surgery, and the cleft lift procedure to treat Pilonidal disease.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He specializes in the diagnosis and surgical treatment of disorders of the central and peripheral nervous system including congenital anomalies, trauma, tumors, vascular disorders, infections of the brain or spine, stroke, or degenerative diseases of the spine. He has operated a number of surgeries, and success ratio is outstanding. This is the reason he got distinction in very short time span and is now being counted in best neurosurgeon of Lahore, Pakistan despite his young age. Effective use of advance neurosurgery techniques like Endoscopy (use of camera) for minimal surgery invasion makes him undoubtedly a best neurosurgeon in Lahore!", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Polio graduated from University of Louisville School of Medicine in 1985 and has been in practice for 32 years. He completed a residency at University Hospital. He currently practices at Deaconess Gateway Hospital and is affiliated with One Health McAuley Primary Care. Dr. Polio accepts multiple insurance plans including Aetna, SIHO Insurance Services and Medicare. Dr. Polio also practices at Orthopaedics & Sports Medicine in Owensboro, KY.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Andrew Paterson. She joined STAGE in 2013 and is currently a clinician scientist in the Division of Rheumatology, Department of Pediatrics, Sick Kids.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He obtained his Bachelor of Science degree in Exercise Sports Sciences and Public Health from Texas Tech University. He, then, went on to the University of Tennessee College of Medicine where he earned his Master\u2019s in Physician Assistant Studies. Jacob assists Dr. Williams in surgery as well as in clinic and hospital settings. In his free time he enjoys traveling, mountain biking, and playing golf.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Luke's Hospital and Huron Regional Medical Center. He received his medical degree from SUNY Buffalo School of Medicine and Biomedical Sciences and has been in practice for 21 years. He is one of 19 doctors at Avera St. Luke's Hospital and one of 6 at...", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She holds a Bachelor's degree in Health Science and a Master's degree in Physician Assistant Science both from Saint Francis University in Loretto, PA. After PA school, she served as an active duty Naval Officer for over three years. She has also practiced in urgent care medicine. Mrs. Seales is licensed by the Alabama Board of Medicine and certified with the National Commission of Certification of Physician Assistants (NCCPA). She and her husband have two children and live in Opelika.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He is a leading physician in the New Haven, CT region in the uses of laser surgery for ophthalmic and cosmetic needs. Choosing a doctor as experienced and recognized as Dr. Gold is critical to getting the best health care.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Moossy graduated from Tulane University School of Medicine in 1980 and has been in practice for 38 years. He completed a residency at Duke University Medical Center. He currently practices at University Neurosurgical Associates and is affiliated with UPMC Shadyside. Dr. Moossy accepts multiple insurance plans including Aetna, Medicare and Humana. In addition to English, Dr. Moossy's practice supports these languages: Spanish and Arabic.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " The guy is immaculate through the air, and Sunday night was no different. The way Brees manhandled the Carolina secondary was masterful, in only a way that Drew Brees knows how to do.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " A graduate of MSU, Parks completed a Master\u2019s degree in Physician Assistant Studies at Oregon Health & Science University School of Medicine in 2003. She worked in family practice and urgent care in Seattle and then returned to Bozeman in 2008 to work in a community clinic. Parks joined the Bozeman Health Anesthesia Pre-Op Assessment Clinic in 2014. Prior to becoming a PA, Parks worked as a cardiology technician in Seattle and as an EMT and hospice and medical assistant in Bozeman.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He writes about all things foot, ankle, and overall health and wellness on his website, blog and on social media. Below are some of the studies and stories that piqued his interest.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " His research focuses on the discovery of higher-order neurological function in humans. Dr. Chang\u2019s laboratory has demonstrated the detailed functional organization of the human speech cortex in perception and production. Dr. Chang is Co-Director of the Center for Neural Engineering & Prostheses at UC Berkeley and UC San Francisco. He is principal investigator of the DARPA SUBNETS project to develop advanced therapies for neuropsychiatric conditions. He is recipient of the 2015 Blavatnik National Laureate in Life Sciences and NIH Director\u2019s New Innovator Award.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Aside from running her successful practice, where she supports healthy diets, exercise and holistic healing whenever possible, Dr. Henry is passionate about the health of teenage girls and believes in giving back to organizations which focus on the education and empowerment of this demographic. She enjoys teaching and speaking with girls as early as their freshman year in high school, inspiring them to start thinking about the process of applying for college or vocational school. She discusses health issues such as hygiene, nutrition and the role self-esteem plays in their lives overall. She is also committed to helping teens to better understand the many consequences, both physically and emotionally, of consensual sexual activity.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He is also a faculty member of the Yale University School of Medicine. In this interview, Dr. Stern talks with Robert Rickover about the usefulness of the Alexander Technique for people suffering from back pain who want to avoid surgery. Dr. Stern is regularly cited by New York Magazine as one of the top ten doctors in New York. Dr. Stern's website: safespinesurgery.com Robert teaches the Alexander Technique in Lincoln, Nebraska and Toronto, Canada. Robert's website: alexandertechniquenebraska.com. For more information about the Alexander Technique, including links to a major back pain study that showed the effectiveness of the Technique, and information on finding a teacher anywhere in the world: alexandertechnique.com.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She has received two bachelor of science degrees in pre-medicine studies and physician assistant studies. She also has a Masters degree in Physician Assistant studies. She has been committed to providing excellent individualized care to all patients. She uses her clinical judgment to meet the needs of the patient. She is focused on patient healing, patient education and patient empowerment.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " His book \u201cChecklist manifesto\u201d is about his interest in working with checklists in the hospital environment and his involvement in the creation and test of the WHO checklist. Continue reading\u2192", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He was the founder of the Athletic Orthopedic Institute and the Shoulder Knee Institute, which have served patients over the past 20+ with their surgery needs. Today he continues with his private practice with his team of specialists.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She recognizes the power of human-canine relationships, particularly in terms of epilepsy treatment. For instance, whereas some animals might be spooked by their owner going into an epileptic seizure, dogs can respond effectively.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " In his spare time, he has become one of the few individuals from outside Vietnam to be given open access to the files of the Vietnamese People's Air Force. He has made several visits to Hanoi, and other Vietnamese cities, in the past five years, and has interviewed many of the leading aces from the war years.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He also practiced in Indiana where he had to answer two separate malpractice lawsuits (the plaintiffs were David Bedwell 1996, and Mark Bachelor 2001). In result Segal abandoned his career to sell malpractice insurance.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " After migrating from Malaysia at a very young age, he attended James Ruse Agricultural High School and was awarded the Australian Students Prize for excellence.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " As president of Burmer Music LLC, she has produced four contemporary classical CDs, three concerts at Benaroya Hall in Seattle and a ballet at the Meydenbauer Center in Bellevue, Wash. Her productions have showcased the finest musicians, choreographers, composers and dancers in the Pacific Northwest, and have won awards, including the 2014 Independent Music Vox Populi Award for the Celebrate World Music! album and one of its singles, \u201cTributum\u201d by Nan Avant.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Mrs. Sanders earned her undergraduate degree from Mercer University in Macon and her Master's of Medical Science degree from Emory University in Atlanta, Georgia. Mrs. Sanders has maintained her national certification as a Physician Assistant since 2000. She is a charter member of the Georgia Dermatology Physician Assistant Group and a member of the American Academy of Physician Assistants. Mrs. Sanders has experience in both medical and cosmetic aspects of dermatology. She resides in Senoia, Georgia, with her husband of 32 years.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He has a special interest in minimally invasive procedures, valve repair, and innovative uses of technology and pharmacology to alleviate patient discomfort. Dr. Klodell graduated from the University of Louisville School of Medicine, earning his medical degree with honors. Following training in general surgery and subspecialty training in thoracic and cardiovascular surgery, he has obtained additional subspecialty training in valve repair, surgery for heart failure, minimally invasive surgery, and thoracic robotic surgery.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She trained at UCSF. She is also a poet, whose most recent collection, The Aphasia Cafe, received the Indy Book Award for Poetry. Dawn\u2019s clinical work focuses on neurological and psychiatric complications of HIV/AIDS. She founded a free clinic for AIDS patients in 1990, which she continues to run. Her research interests include neuropsychiatric effects of concussion in military veterans and in high-impact sports.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " She has published extensively in professional and lay media. Between 2000 and 2014, she also wrote a medical opinion column for several Bay Area newspapers, including The Oakland Tribune and The Contra Costa Times. Her columns explored the ethical and sociopolitical dimensions of American health care.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " With more than 20 years experience in the field. he provides specialised care in skull base neurosurgery, brain tumour treatments and neurovascular surgery.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Santiago graduated from Yale School of Medicine in 1995 and has been in practice for 23 years. He currently practices at Washington University School of Medicine and is affiliated with Barnes-Jewish Hospital South. Dr. Santiago accepts multiple insurance plans including Aetna, Medicare and Humana. Dr. Santiago also practices at Washington University School of Medicine in St Louis, MO.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Israeli is certified by the American Board of Plastic Surgery and is regarded as a leading specialist in post-mastectomy breast reconstruction, providing an individualized approach for every patient. Dr. Israeli has experience with a comprehensive array of state-of-the-art techniques in breast reconstruction. He offers abdominal microvascular free flap options including DIEP, SIEA and free TRAM flaps. He is currently one of a small handful of practitioners nationwide that serve as clinical investigator for the LifeCell Corporation, pioneering the use of AlloDerm and Strattice in tissue expander and implant breast reconstruction, including the direct-to-implant or one-step approach.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " With overall experience of 14 years, he has been associated with Jain Institute of Vascular Sciences as a Consultant in Vascular Surgery for the last decade. He also worked as a guest physician from April to July 2006 in the Department of Vascular Surgery at Evangelistic Hospital in Mulheim on Ruhr, Germany- one of the busiest vascular surgery department in European Union. Dr. Sumanth has also been a brilliant academician throughout his career, and has participated as an instructor as well as a participant in several workshops related to vascular evaluation, suturing technical and diabetic foot assessment conducted by Jain Institute of Vascular Sciences. He has also participated in all seminars, case discussions, Journal clubs and mortality and morbidity meetings at Jain Institute of Vascular Sciences.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He practices in Anchorage, Alaska and has the professional credentials of M.D.. The NPI Number for Colby Parks is 1003911330 and he holds a License No. 1001 (Alaska).", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Get more tips for avoiding injuries at his upcoming wellness lecture,\"Common Shoulder Conditions, Prevention and Treatment\" on Wednesday, November 5. Get more info on Barton Health's free lectures at http://www.bartonhealth.org/lecture or call -530)-543-5537.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Panossian graduated from Tufts University School of Medicine in 2001 and has been in practice for 16 years. Dr. Panossian also specializes in Plastic Surgery. He currently practices at K & B Surgical Center Llc and is affiliated with Children's Hospital Los Angeles. Dr. Panossian accepts multiple insurance plans including Aetna, Medicare and Cigna. In addition to English, Dr. Panossian's practice supports this language: Spanish.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Peter's University Hospital. He received his medical degree from Harvard Medical School and has been in practice for more than 20 years. He is one of 95 doctors at Robert Wood Johnson University Hospital and one of 50 at St. Peter's University Hospital who specialize in Orthopedic Surgery.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He currently practices in Norfolk just minutes from Virginia Beach, Chesapeake and Portsmouth. Dr. Colen graduated from Colgate University in 1972, where he was awarded membership to the Phi Beta Kappa National Honor Society for academic achievement. A graduate of the Dartmouth Medical School in Hanover, New Hampshire in 1975, Dr. Colen went on to do his residency training in general surgery and plastic surgery at the University of California San Francisco from 1975 to 1983. Upon completion of his Plastic Surgery Residency in 1983, he joined the faculty of Dartmouth Medical School. In 1990 he joined a Plastic Surgery practice in Norfolk, Virginia, where he currently resides. He is Professor of Surgery (Plastic & Reconstructive) at Eastern Virginia Medical School.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He practices in Minneapolis, Minnesota and has the professional credentials of . The NPI Number for Christopher S Williams is 1750368668 and he holds a License No. 44289 (Minnesota).", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He also provides a wide range of orthopaedic services covering all the sub-specialities. Dr Allen has completed comprehensive studies and training in the UK, South Africa, Canada and New Zealand. His current practice is based in Queensland. He previously served as Senior Visiting Medical Officer at the Tweed Hospital and Murwillumbah District hospital. He has been in private practice for nearly 20 years. Dr Allen completed postgraduate clinical research Fellowships in hip and knee-joint replacement, revision and shoulder surgery. Dr Allen provides expertise in the field of orthopaedics.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Ruark has a license to practice medicine in both Massachusetts and Connecticut. He is an attending at Mercy Hospital in Springfield Massachusetts and St. Francis Hospital in Hartford, Connecticut.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He is MD from the University of New Mexico School of Medicine. For his post-medical school training, he joined the University of Kansas as a Resident. Certified by the American Board of Plastic Surgery, Dr. Dass is also the member of American Society of Plastic Surgeons (ASPS).", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He established The Dupuytren Foundation, a 501(c) public charity, to promote research and education to find a cure for Dupuytren's Disease and related conditions.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Six PM Sunday is his third novel. His previous titles include, Paris Homicide and Left Bank. He is currently at work on his next novel, Pandemic. See less", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " At her busy practice in Chicago, she rarely prescribes medications, relying instead on gentler modalities from Asian medicine as well as osteopathic release techniques and nutritional counseling.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Saving lives and helping people is the point of his chosen profession, and he seems pretty good at it, when he\\'s not screwing up. People wonder why he has decided to become a doctor, when he is so clumsy, until his past starts reveal, and his ability to save lives becomes apparent with each operation... Gradually, Teru and all of his colleagues will make a huge change in the medical world", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He has performed a lot of surgeries that have been successful in saving the lives of his patients. Despite his success in pediatric surgical operations, he has not stopped looking for a way to treat his patients better. That is why the doctor is always seeking ways of improving the methods of surgical operations that exist today. He is continually searching for ways to help his patients during surgery. It is by ensuring the pain they experience is reduced, and they face fewer risks.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He specializes in scoliosis correction (anterior and posterior), clubfoot correction, pediatric fracture management, and management of neuromuscular conditions. Throughout his career, Dr. Blanco has published numerous articles on a variety of topic including scoliosis, pediatric fracture management, slipped capitol femoral epiphysis and cerebral palsy.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Being a General Physician, Dr. Vardani has knowledge about all the parts in the body and can help people with almost every issue related to their health. Dr. Vardani has a broader spectrum of understanding the human body and can deal with patients who suffer from difficult or unusual medical issues. Using his immense knowledge and experience, he treats general conditions like diabetes, anxiety, respiratory diseases, infectious diseases, digestive problems, urinary problems, and abdominal. His compassionate and friendly approach towards his patients makes it easy for them to communicate with the doctor and share their problems with ease.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " She has earned the credential(s) of DDS (Doctor of Dental Surgery) and is licensed to practice in the state of New York. Dr Damascus\u2019 practice is located in Chappaqua at 59 S Greeley Ave.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Neill\u2019s past also includes Angola where he was a prisoner of war. Neill and his wife Sharon are trying to make a life in Atlanta. Previously situated in South Africa they decide their family might be better suited to Atlanta where the future looks good, work prospects are promising and it seems a much safer environment to raise their daughter. They were not expecting their lives to be interrupted by Aaron Ryan.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She received her Bachelor of Science degree in Human Biology in 2004 at Michigan State University in East Lansing, MI. She received her Master of Science Physician Assistant Studies degree in 2006 from Wayne State University in Detroit, MI. Jennifer sees pediatric patients with general neurology conditions.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " She received her Master's in Physician Assistant Studies at the University of New Mexico in 2015 where she received honors and is a member of Pi Alpha National Honor Society for Physician Assistants. Michelle specializes in adult medicine and osteoporosis treatment. She is currently accepting new patients for primary care.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He is board certified by the American Board of Plastic Surgery and the American Board of Surgery. He has a surgical facility on premises and has operative privileges at several locations in Baltimore, Howard and Anne Arundel counties.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Chui Chan Hon practices at Surgery Centre for Children in Orchard, Singapore. He completed MBBS from National University of Singapore, Singapore in 1990,FRCS - General Surgery from Royal College of Physicians and Surgeons (RCPS), Glasgow in 1995 and FAMS - Fellowship of the Academy Medicine from Academy of Medicine, Singapore. He is a member of Medical Advisory Board, Mount Elizabeth Hospital, Singapore,Specialist Training Committee (Paediatric Surgery), Singapore,Executive Committee, Paediatric Oncology Group (Singapore) and Singapore Dental Council. Some of the services provided by the doctor are: Thoracoscopic surgery,Evaluation of Childhood Tumors,Paediatric Cancer Surgery,Removal of Appendix and Biopsy etc.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Shafik went to school at the London University at the Guy\u2019s Medical and Dental school where after his graduation has been practicing medicine in England. Shafik has also been able to grow an entrepreneurial interest with time especially in the healthcare sectors which he has specialized.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Lucie communities. He has built his unique practice on his refined aesthetic acumen, advanced surgical techniques and the genuine compassion he brings to the table with each of his patients. As both an art and a science, Dr. Lipschitz combines his surgical expertise with a life-long passion to achieve natural and long-lasting results with each plastic surgery procedure.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " For six years, she was head of Sweden\u2019s largest emergency room. During that time, she developed an organization where patient-related research was a natural part of work. She is now moving on to new challenges, developing a future care concept that creates measurable value and improves the health of vulnerable people.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He has worked in several institutions like Sunshine Coast Hospital and Health Service. Dr. Greg Finch is a staunch member of the Fellow of the Royal Australasian College of Surgeons; a qualification only awarded to doctors who have had several years of rigorous surgical training. Dr. Greg Finch is also a renowned member of the Australian Orthopedic Association, North American Spine Society, and The Spine Society of Australia.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Nivin graduated from Faculty of Medicine, Cairo University on 1981 and was awarded a Palliative Care Management scholarship at the University of Southern California hospitals. She received her training at The Cairo University Hospital. Dr. Azer completed her Master and Doctorate degrees of Pain Management and ICU at the National Cancer Institute of Cairo where she practiced from 1984 as a resident until 2004 as a professor.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Her poems have appeared or are forthcoming in Alaska Quarterly Review, Blackbird, Colorado Review, The Yale Review, and elsewhere. Her essays, criticism, and fiction have appeared or are forthcoming in Bookforum, The New Yorker, Vice, The Virginia Quarterly Review, and elsewhere. (updated 10/2016)", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Her poetry book The Horizontal Poet (Zeitgeist Press, 2011) won a Lambda Literary Award. Her fiction chapbook Mixing Tracks (Gertrude Press, 2009) and her poetry chapbook The Underwater Hospital (Zeitgeist Press, 2006) also won awards. Her writing has appeared in Yale Medicine, Scholastic Magazine, Bellevue Literary Review, and many other journals and anthologies. Her work has won numerous contests and has been nominated three times for a Pushcart Prize. She is shopping a book-length manuscript of short stories for publication.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " She is also the founder of the reputed Walden Cosmetic Surgery Center that offers specialized services for the various cosmetic needs of people. The most important factor that makes her well-known across the U.S. is the highly praised reviews of her patients. It should be noted she has almost 15 years of experience in addressing the cosmetic needs of the patients. Dr. Walden is one of the members of the editorial board of Modern Aesthetics\u2019 and Plastic Surgery Practice\u2019s.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He has had extensive training in the areas of reconstructive foot and ankle surgery, lower extremity deformity correction and diabetic limb salvage. He is a member of the American Podiatric Medical Association and the Florida Podiatric Medical Association. Dr. David is board certified by the American Board of Podiatric Medicine.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He strongly believes that every patient deserves to benefit from the latest facial, breast, and body surgery techniques and innovations for the highest-quality plastic surgery experience and the most natural-looking results.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He is hired out by anyone willing to pay his exorbitant rates and is perceived as a heartless rogue because of his enigmatic nature and antisocial manner but that is not the whole...", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " His clinical interests include treatment of the heart and organs in the chest, and implantation of mechanical heart assist devices for heart/lung failure and heart/lung transplantation.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Louis who practices at West County Plastic Surgeons of Washington University. Dr. Myckatyn is well versed in cosmetic and reconstructive surgery for the face, breasts, and body. He appreciates how plastic surgery encompasses physiology, technology, and art. He is dedicated to treating people as the individuals they are. He believes in finding just the right treatment to meet the unique demands of each person and each case.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He sub specializes in minimally invasive procedures for spinal diseases such as herniated disks, degenerative disk disease, cervical and lumbar deformities, the inured spine, and spinal tumors. He treats many patients with artificial disk replacement to promote normal spinal function and reduce long term degenerative conditions.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She graduated on a full tuition academic scholarship with a Bachelor of Science degree in Biology from Nova Southeastern University, where she also conducted independent research alongside faculty. Laura went on to earn a Master of Medical Science degree from Nova Southeastern University in Fort Lauderdale. She is certified by the National Commission on Certification of Physician Assistants (NCCPA). She is certified in Advanced Cardiovascular Life Support, Pediatric Advanced Life Support, and Basic Life Support from the American Heart Association. Laura is fluent in both English and Spanish.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " As part of his dedication to brain cancer patients, Dr. Patil's specialty includes the treatment of benign and malignant brain tumors and pituitary tumors. The procedures he offers range from minimally invasive surgeries to endoscopic surgeries and the treatment of spinal tumors.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He has an experience of more than 13 years in his field and given consultation to thousands of patients. He completed his medical school from Georgetown University and joined the University of California as a Resident of General Surgery and Plastic Surgery. With certification at Hoag Hospital Newport Beach and Newport Beach Surgery Center, he has operated various serious cases of Plastic Surgery.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Reavey-Cantwell graduated from Johns Hopkins University School of Medicine in 2001 and has been in practice for 17 years. He currently practices at Harold F Young Neurosurgical Center and is affiliated with VCU Medical Center. Dr. Reavey-Cantwell accepts multiple insurance plans including Aetna, Medicare and Cigna. Dr. Reavey-Cantwell also practices at Hunter Holmes McGuire VA Medical Center in Richmond, VA. In addition to English, Dr. Reavey-Cantwell's practice supports these languages: Russian, Polish, French, American Sign Language, Mandarin, Hindi, Farsi/Persian, Vietnamese, Hebrew, Urdu, Cantonese, Italian, German, Arabic, Spanish, Tagalog and Korean.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Adams received his Physician Assistant Certificate from Cuyahoga Community College as well as his Master of Science in Health Science from Cleveland State University. He has previously served as an instructor of lumbar puncture technique at the Lou Ruvo Center for Brain Health CME Seminar and was part of the Cleveland Clinic Neurological Institute Pharmacology Conference faculty.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " In her spare time, she writes fiction of several genres, including romance, speculative fiction, crime fiction, and children\u2019s stories. Her other stories have been published in other print and online venues, such as First Love, The Digest of Philippine Genre Stories, Philippine Speculative Fiction, Philippines Free Press, Philippines Graphic, and Insignia.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He got his medical degree at the University of Michigan Medical School, then did a residency in General Surgery at Henry Ford Hospital - Wayne State University. Finally, he completed a fellowship at the University of Michigan Hospitals and Health Centers and then another one at Kleinert Kutz Hand Care Center in hand surgery.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Mark\u2019s work has been seen all around the world because he is known for his ability to produce some of longest lasting and natural results in his field. Dr. Mark Mofid has been working hard to improve the name behind plastic surgery, especially in the United States, for many years. There are many negative points of view from people out there based on biased views or old methods that were not very effective. Today, plastic surgery has never been in a better place, with safer procedure methods all around and more compatible implant types that work well with the body.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She is a graduate of Charles University, Prague, Czech Republic, where she studied medicine with an emphasis on prevention and wellness. She completed her medical training in Framingham, Massachusetts, and is board certified by the American Board of Internal Medicine and the American Board of Integrative and Holistic medicine. Hubkova has over 15 years of experience working as an internist both in outpatient and hospital settings and is certified in clinical hypnosis, Reiki, and acutonics.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " A member of both the American Society of Plastic Surgeons and The American Society for Aesthetic Plastic Surgery, Dr. Cutolo combines his extensive experience with attention to detail to create natural looking results.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She practices in Mobile, Alabama and has the professional credentials of ARNP. The NPI Number for Mrs. Sharon Bourdon Ganey is 1932521374 and she holds a License No. ARNP 9375017 (Florida).", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He is a Diplomate of the American Board of Surgery and board certified by the American College of Surgeons. He is also a fellow in the Society of Laparoscopic Surgeons. These organizations represent the level of commitment that Dr. Marx has to his patients for providing excellent care. These accomplishments are based on a surgeon\u2019s education, training, surgical competence, ethical conduct, professional qualifications and rigorous testing.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Raniolo graduated from New York Medical College in 1981 and has been in practice for 36 years. He currently practices at Hudson Valley Surgical Group and is affiliated with Phelps Hospital Northwell Health. Dr. Raniolo accepts multiple insurance plans including Aetna, Medicare and Oxford (UnitedHealthcare). In addition to English, Dr. Raniolo's practice supports this language: Spanish.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Rossi received his bachelors degree in biology from University of Miami, a masters degree in biomedical sciences from Barry University in Miami, and his Doctor of Medicine from Lake Erie College of Osteopathic Medicine in Pennsylvania. He served his internship and completed his residency as General Surgery Chief Resident at Pinnacle Health Community General Osteopathic Hospital in Harrisburg, Pennsylvania.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He focuses on minimally invasive surgical treatments for shoulder, hip and knee conditions. He has integrated the use of the MAKO robotic-assisted technology into his minimally invasive total joint replacement surgeries. He has numerous professional affiliations, including the American Academy of Orthopaedic Surgeons and the American Board of Orthopaedic Surgery.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " In practice since 1984, he relocated to Naples from Westport and Greenwich, CT, after being selected by one of the senior Naples plastic surgeons to take over his practice.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Certified by the American Board of Plastic Surgery and American Board of Surgery, he completed his Bachelor of Science in only two years from the University of Akron and completed his medical education from Northeastern Ohio University College of Medicine (NEOUCOM). Dr. Surfield completed five years of medical residency in general surgery at Summa Health Systems in Akron.\ufffd\ufffdHe is a Fellow of the American College of Surgeons (FACS).", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Luchini graduated from West Virginia University School of Medicine in 1975 and has been in practice for 43 years. He completed a residency at Yale University School of Medicine. He currently practices at Luchini Orthopaedics and is affiliated with Yale New Haven Hospital St Raphael Campus. Dr. Luchini accepts multiple insurance plans including Aetna, Harvard Pilgrim and Medicare.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Previously, she was a Senior Sales Representative for Eli Lilly USA where she collaborated on an initiative to develop Spanish-language literature for diabetics. After earning a degree in Biology from Spelman College, Jiea graduated with an MBA from the University of Miami. She has lived on the Texas-Mexico border since 2000 and has traveled extensively throughout South America and Mexico.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Dr. Sundberg graduated from University of Minnesota Medical School in 1979 and has been in practice for 39 years. He completed a residency at University of Utah Health Care. Dr. Sundberg also specializes in Pediatric Surgery. He currently practices at Gillette Childrens Healthcare and is affiliated with Children's Hospitals & Clinics Minneapolis and Gillette Children's Specialty Healthcare. Dr. Sundberg accepts multiple insurance plans including Aetna, Medicare and Blue Cross Blue Shield of Illinois. Dr. Sundberg also practices at Gillette Childrens Specialty HealthCare in Saint Paul, MN. In addition to English, Dr. Sundberg's practice supports these languages: Spanish and French.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She was appointed Co-chair of the Ontario Provincial Advisory Panel on Physician-Assisted Dying. In this capacity, she canvassed various stakeholders \u2013 official associations, medical personnel and the general public \u2013 about where they stood on the issue before panel deliberations began. She is the widow of Dr. Donald Low, former infectious disease specialist and advocate for medical assisted dying, who succumbed to brain cancer in 2013. Taylor took up her late husband\u2019s cause \u2013 the fight for the right to die with dignity.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He provides care across the spectrum of spinal disorders, including scoliosis (curvature of the spine) degenerative diseases such as arthritis, disc herniation and spinal stenosis (narrowing of the spinal canal), tumors, and fractures. In many cases, Dr. Fisher is able to treat patients with non-surgical methods. When surgery is needed, he often is able to perform minimally invasive procedures, which decrease patient discomfort and speed recovery times. They include disc replacements, spinal fusions (joining bones of the spine), microdisectomy, laminectomy and kyphoplasty (a minimally invasive treatment for spine fractures caused by osteoporosis). In providing care, Dr. [...]", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Permut received his MD from Boston University School of Medicine, and did postgraduate training at Beth Israel Hospital in Boston and at the University of California, Los Angeles Medical Center.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He obtained his Bachelor of Medicine and Surgery from the University of Aberdeen, Scotland in 1992. He proceeded with his basic and advanced specialty training in plastic surgery with the Singapore General Hospital and was admitted as a Fellow of the Royal College of Surgeons (Ireland) in 1999. He is also a Fellow of the Academy of Medicine (Singapore). He holds the concurrent posts of Honorary Secretary to the Singapore Association of Plastic Surgeons and the Singapore Society of Cosmetic (Aesthetic) Surgeons.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He is a renowned expert in the field of cosmetic medical in La Jolla and San Diego. The specialist acquired his stellar reputation due to his medical safety adherence and innovative capability. The San Diego Surgeon puts the safety of his patients first when handling gluteal augmentation cases.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Whitman graduated from University of Medicine & Dentistry of New Jersey Robert Wood Johnson Medical School in 1981 and has been in practice for 37 years. He completed a residency at United States Army Medical Center. He currently practices at Tri County Orthopedic & Sports Medicine and is affiliated with Hugh Chatham Memorial Hospital. Dr. Whitman accepts multiple insurance plans including Aetna, Medicare and Humana. In addition to English, Dr. Whitman's practice supports this language: Spanish.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She is a 2007 graduate of Trevecca Nazarene University in Nashville and received her undergraduate degree in 2005 from the University of Tennessee-Knoxville. Leslie chose a career in healthcare because of her fascination with the intricate details of the human body, as well as her passion to serve others. She strives to help patients live a healthy, fulfilling life. Her true love is skin checks to screen for skin cancer and moles. She sees adults, children and infants. She is a Knoxville native and enjoys hiking, boating, traveling, church activities, and cooking. Leslie and her husband have two active sons", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Dr. Pahlavan was born in Iran and grew up in Stockholm, Sweden. He later moved to California where he attended University of California, San Diego (UCSD), graduating with degrees in neurobiology and psychology. After his undergraduate studies, Dr. Pahlavan spent time working as a science teacher in Sweden before returning to attend the UCSD School of Medicine to obtain his medical degree.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He is a revered surgeon in the hair transplant industry and offers best quality Follicular Unit Extraction, Follicular Unit Transplantation, Eyebrow Transplantation, Scar Vision, and Beard Restoration. He has been performing hair transplant procedures for the last 15 years and provides free in-depth consultation to his clients. Till now, he has completed more than 2000 hair transplant surgeries that led to natural hair growth afterward. He has majorly specialized in surgical hair transplants and Biocapillation.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Among his other impressive qualifications, Dr. Alpern trained at the world renowned Cleveland Clinic and was Surgical Director of Heart and Lung Transplantation at both Temple University and Hahnemann University Hospitals in Philadelphia Pennsylvania. He currently is Director and founding member of Desert Cardiovascular Surgeons in Phoenix, and of Vein Specialists of Arizona recently located in the West Valley. Dr. Jeffrey Alpern, D.O is one of a handful of surgeons worldwide to use fast, virtually painless, safe and effective laser ablation and radiofrequency (RF) techniques for the treatment of existing varicose veins, spider veins, chronic venous insufficiency and venous leg ulcers.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He is MD from the University of Calgary and a Resident of Plastic and General Surgery from the University of Toronto. He also worked as a fellow at the University of Toronto. Certified by the American Board of Plastic Surgery, Dr. Roark is also the member of American Society for Aesthetic Plastic Surgery (ASAPS) and American Society of Plastic Surgeons (ASPS). He has hospital affiliation Scripps Memorial Hospital.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She studied at reputed college in Mumbai- CMPHMC and trained under reputed Doctors like Dr.Rajan Sankaran, Dr.Prafull Barvallia, Dr. Sunil Anand, Dr. Divya Sankaran and Dr. Praful Vijaykar.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He has had extensive experience in all aspects of Plastic Surgery in the UK. He qualified in London in 1993 and has gained additional specialist experience in Belgium and France. He was awarded an MSc for his research into Wound Healing at University College London. He has published his work in leading Medical Journals both in the UK and in the United States. Consultations are available in clinics in London and Windsor.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Her work has appeared in Portland Monthly, Women in Solitude (SUNY Press), and Literature in Medicine. From the Love of Strangers, her novel, has been a finalist/semifinalist for the Brighthorse Prize and the William Faulkner Society Writing Competition.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Dr. Regan graduated from State University of New York Upstate Medical University in 1978 and has been in practice for 39 years. He completed a residency at University of North Carolina Health System. Dr. Regan accepts multiple insurance plans including Medicare, Blue Cross of California and Blue Cross Blue Shield. Dr. Regan also practices at John J Regan in Beverly Hills, CA.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Shaiova specializes in the assessment and treatment of patients with life-threatening illnesses, such as cancer, sickle cell disease and HIV/AIDS. She also treats patients with chronic, nonmalignant pain.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " For several years, customers have went to his practice from all through the entire Dominican Republic as well as the United States and nearby countries. He's earned a very positive reputation because of his reliability, experience, and extraordinary results.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He received his medical. Hackensack University Medical Center in Hackensack, NJ is nationally ranked in 3 adult specialties and 1 pediatric specialty. more. 8/10: Survival; 5/5: Patient.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She knows caregiving both as a professional and as a family caregiver. She understands the isolation and pains of caring for someone with a chronic illness.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Dr. Vanderlinden graduated from University of Colorado School of Medicine in 1992 and has been in practice for 25 years. He completed a residency at Virginia Commonwealth University Health System. He currently practices at Joseph Vanderlinden MD Inc and is affiliated with Redlands Community Hospital. Dr. Vanderlinden accepts multiple insurance plans including Aetna, Medicare and Cigna. In addition to English, Dr. Vanderlinden's practice supports this language: Spanish.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She practices Integrative Medicine, Women\u2019s Health, Stress Management, Clinical Nutrition, and Energy Medicine. These days she does all of that in her capacity as Executive Director of PMI and Director and MBSR Instructor for the Mindful Veterans Project.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " She chose this field because of her interest in preventive medicine, as well as the breadth and depth of medical complexities that patients bring to her practice.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Dr. Lupo graduated from University of Miami School of Medicine in 2005 and has been in practice for 12 years. He completed a residency at Tulane University. Dr. Lupo accepts multiple insurance plans including Aetna, Blue Cross Blue Shield of Louisiana and Medicare.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She has an interest in firearm violence prevention, specifically focusing on access to firearms among high-risk adolescents, as well as patient-centered approaches to prevention that draw on the experiences of the youths themselves.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He also performs penis enlargement surgery, male breast reduction, and labiaplasty. He serves men and women from Philadelphia, Southern New Jersey the entire Tri-State area.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She practices in Fpo, Armed Forces Europe and has the professional credentials of MD. The NPI Number for Meenakshi Arvind Nandedkar is 1073583597 and she holds a License No. D0017637 (Maryland).", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " In her practice, Dr. Jordahl-Iafrato sees all types of patients from newborns to the elderly, provides obstetrical care and performs procedures, among them skin biopsies, cryotherapy, colposcopies and joint injections. Because it is an FQHC, her office sees patients with and without insurance and offers a sliding scale for payment. Dr. Jordahl-Iafrato works with physician assistants, nurse practitioners and a child development specialist. She is also president-elect of the Arizona Academy of Family Physicians.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " She practices in Fairbanks, Alaska and has the professional credentials of M.D.. The NPI Number for Dr. Kimberly Janne Wonderlich is 1346211505 and she holds a License No. 8102 (Alaska).", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Dr. Rohrich is called upon by national and international educators, peers, and medical innovators to demonstrate his skills, to publish, to lecture, to chair prestigious medical conferences and more. His practice skills are legendary as is the concern he has for each of his patients for them to receive the best surgical results.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Beck graduated from Baylor College of Medicine in 1993 and has been in practice for 25 years. He completed a residency at University of Texas Health Science Center. He currently practices at Richland Medical Center LTD and is affiliated with Richland Hospital. Dr. Beck accepts multiple insurance plans including Aetna, Medicare and Blue Cross Blue Shield of Illinois. In addition to English, Dr. Beck's practice supports this language: Spanish.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She practices in Anchorage, Alaska and has the professional credentials of MD. The NPI Number for Megan Ritter is 1548257207 and she holds a License No. 4883 (Alaska).", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " The doctor offers the best Knee Replacement treatment in his health care institution Knee and Shoulder India. They provide advanced remedial treatment to improve movement and fitness.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " An inventor and innovator, Dr. Cohn holds numerous patents and serves as the director of minimally invasive surgical technology at the Texas Heart Institute. He is the co-director of the Cullen Cardiovascular Research Laboratory, an associate professor of surgery at Baylor College of Medicine, and adjunct professor of bioengineering at the University of Houston. Dr. Cohn received his BA from Oberlin College and his MD from Baylor College of Medicine.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She has been a Professor of Pathology at the University Joseph Fourier Grenoble since 1993 nominated as exceptional class Professor in 2006 and is a world renowned expert in lung tumor pathology. As head of the Department of Pathology at the Grenoble University Hospital (1999-2012), she trained young pathologists from many countries. Her pioneering scientific accomplishments are reflected by her appointment as leader of an INSERM research team \u201dLung Cancer progression\u201d, and head of the Department \u201cOncogenesis and Biotechnologies\u201d since 2007 at the Albert Bonniot Institute.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He is a published author of medical and popular books and newspaper columnist ,and is residential & commercial builder. He hunts & trains Labradors, and trains in tactical defensive shooting.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She has lived in Wellesley since 1974 and joined Wellesley At Home as a \"charter member\" in 2010. Over the years she has served on the Executive Boards of Ikebana International, Sogetsu Massachusetts Branch, Ikenobo Ikebana Society of Boston, the Brown University alumni class of 1961, Friends of the Wellesley Free Libraries, and the PTO of Upham School", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Although he is a proponent of alternative treatment, Dr. Bratman is also a vocal critic of his own field. He believes that alternative medicine has both strengths and weaknesses, just like conventional medicine. This even-handed critique has made him a trusted party on both sides of the debate.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Vijay Laxmi Malhotra practices at Diamond Eye & Homoeopathic Clinic in Tilak Nagar, Delhi. She completed MBBS from G B Pant Hospital / Moulana Azad Medical College, New Delhi in 1973. She is a member of Delhi Medical Association (DMA).", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " She has extensive experience in clinical research and an undergraduate honors degree background in Kinesiology and Biology. Noreen is coeditor of several articles published in the British Medical Journal and writes a monthly health column for a London based lifestyle magazine. She is a contributing editor and writer for publications including Women's Health, LiveStrong, Check Up and Alive Magazine (Canada).", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He is currently is doing a post-doc research fellowship at the Center for Reconstructive and Restorative Surgery Research at Brigham and Women\u2019s Hospital, Boston, MA. He received his medical training in Germany, Italy, France and Rwanda and graduated from Charit\u00e9 University Medicine, Berlin, Germany. He received his Ayurvedic training at the National Library of Ayurvedic Medicine.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He received his medical degree from University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill School of Medicine and has been in practice for 35 years. He completed a residency at Southern Illinois University School of Medicine. Dr. MacMillan also specializes in Spinal Cord Injury Medicine.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He graduated from Monash University in Melbourne with Honours and completed his Orthopaedic Training in Sydney on the Australian Orthopaedic Association Training Programme.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He is also a plastic surgery consultant for the National Cancer Institute and National Institutes of Health. Dr. Dawson is certified in plastic surgery by the American Board of Plastic Surgery. He has a private practice in Washington, D.C.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She completed medical school at the University of Massachusetts and trained for her pediatric residency at Maine Medical Center in Portland, Maine. She has been practicing pediatrics since 1992, and is a graduate of the Fellowship in Integrative Medicine at the University of Arizona School of Medicine. The proud mother of two children, Tammy is a graduate of the first iteration of Wholebeing Institute\u2019s Certificate in Positive Psychology and the author of \u201cAmong the Reeds: The True Story of How a Family Survived the Holocaust.\u201d", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " After stints in San Francisco, Portland, Oregon and Little Rock, Arkansas, he established his practice in St. Petersburg in 1995. For his internship and residency, he chose the prestigious Columbia Presbyterian Hospital in New York City, in large part because the program allowed him to immediately concentrate on plastic surgery. Find out more about Dr. Adams on Google + and Facebook", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " His clinical interests include traumatic brain injury, normal pressure hydrocephalus, stroke and brain tumor. He is a leader in techniques such as multimodal brain monitoring for traumatic brain injury and the use of BrainPath\u00ae technology to access deep-seated lesions.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " In 1994 he founded the humanitarian organisation Emergency which has worked in 16 countries building hospitals, surgical centres, rehabilitation centres, and paediatric clinics. So far, Emergency doctors have provided assistance, free of charge, to over 6 million people in war zones. They also train local staff thoroughly until complete operational independence is achieved.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " The innocent and the wicked alike receive his care, as long as they can meet his price, but Black Jack always prescribes his own diagnosis of justice in the end.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He is board certified and part of the surgical team at the Dallas Plastic Surgery Institute. He received his education from the University of Michigan Medical School. He later completed his residency at the University of Michigan [\u2026]", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He practices in Anchorage, Alaska and has the professional credentials of MD. The NPI Number for Steven Brian Ingle is 1922070218 and he holds a License No. 47941 (Minnesota).", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " She practices in Anchorage, Alaska and has the professional credentials of M.D.. The NPI Number for Elaine Rose Mcelhinny is 1245678978 and she holds a License No. 120612 (Alaska).", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Dr. Joffrey finished his surgical training in 2008. Since then, he has started multiple seven and eight figure businesses and has amassed a substantial portfolio of investments in the real estate, energy, internet, and health...", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " For several years, customers have visited his practice from all throughout the Dominican Republic as well as the United States and nearby countries. He's earned a very positive reputation thanks to his expertness, skills, and excellent results.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Sonis is actively involved in translational and clinical research in supportive cancer care, radiation-injury, and genomics. His research focuses on understanding the fundamental biological processes that lead to damage and inflammation at mucosal surfaces. His specific expertise is mucosal toxicities following cancer treatment regimens, identifying the genetic factors that predispose patients to toxicities, and developing and testing effective toxicity interventions. His research group has identified the biological pathways that are associated with injuries of the GI tract, skin, and lung, cancer regimen-related cognitive dysfunction and cancer-related fatigue.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She practices in Pensacola, Florida and has the professional credentials of M.D.. The NPI Number for Dr. Shannon Caluda is 1336565928 and she holds a License No. ME100871 (Florida).", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Dr. Bartel graduated from University of Wisconsin School of Medicine & Public Health in 1990 and has been in practice for 28 years. Dr. Bartel also specializes in Foot & Ankle Surgery. He currently practices at Fox Valley Orthopedics and is affiliated with Advocate Sherman Hospital and Delnor-Community Hospital. Dr. Bartel accepts multiple insurance plans including Aetna, Medicare and Humana. Dr. Bartel also practices at Fox Valley Orthopedics in Elgin, IL.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He is MD from Georgetown University Medical School and a Resident of Plastic and General Surgery from the same University. He also worked as a fellow of Microsurgery from New York University. Certified by the American Board of Plastic Surgery, he is a member of American Society of Plastic Surgeons and has hospital affiliation at Inova Fairfax Hospital, Inova Mouth Vernon, Virginia Hospital Center and alike hospitals of Virginia.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She received her medical degree from the University of California, San Diego School of Medicine, Dr. Sardo trained in general surgery at the University of California, Los Angeles and Cedars-Sinai Medical Center. She received her training in Plastic and Reconstructive surgery at Boston University Medical Center.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Apart from general orthopaedic surgery, his special interests are foot and ankle deformity correction, sports injuries, cartilage regeneration and complex lower limb trauma.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " In addition to his private practice, Dr. Feingold also holds several hospital appointments, including at West Hills Hospital and Medical Center, Northridge Hospital Medical Center, Providence Tarzana Medical Center and the Specialty Surgery Center of Encino.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Canady graduated from Wake Forest School of Medicine in 1985 and has been in practice for 32 years. He completed a residency at Good Samaritan Hospital. Dr. Canady also specializes in Bariatric Medicine (Obesity Medicine). He currently practices at Holzer Medical Center and is affiliated with Holzer Medical Center Jackson. Dr. Canady accepts multiple insurance plans including Aetna, Medical Mutual of Ohio and Medicare. Dr. Canady also practices at Holzer Clinic in Gallipolis, OH. In addition to English, Dr. Canady's practice supports this language: Russian.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He offers both partial and total joint replacement and has clinical expertise in revision joint replacement as well as treatment of painful or failed total joint replacements.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Gurinder Singh Shahi practices at Shahi Family Clinic in Macpherson, Singapore. He completed MBBS from National University of Singapore, Singapore in 1984 and Masters Degree in Public Health from Harvard University in 1992. He is a member of Singapore Medical Council. Some of the services provided by the doctor are: Preventive Medicine,General Health,General and Chest X-Ray,General Illness and Chronic Illnesses etc.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He received his medical degree with honors from the University of Maryland and performed residencies in General Surgery followed by a specialty in Orthopedic Surgery at Stanford University in Palo Alto, CA.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He is committed to helping patients rid themselves of wrinkles, lines, and loose skin, which can become more pronounced with age and daily stress. Because it is a quick procedure with long-lasting effects, BOTOX\u00ae Cosmetic has become a staple in the cosmetic field. It has become so popular, in fact, that many of today\u2019s top celebrities swear by its skin-smoothing properties.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He sees patients clinically as well as first assists in surgery at various surgery centers and hospitals in Virginia and Maryland. Nate is skilled in performing ultrasound guided diagnostic and therapeutic injections as well as performing venipuncture for successful use of platelet rich plasma (PRP). Current clinical interests include the non-invasive treatment of recalcitrant heel pain, chronic achilles tendinosis and ankle arthritis.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Dr. Steinbrech has been recognized as one of America\u2019s Top Plastic Surgeons by the Consumers\u2019 Research Council of America. In addition to his busy private practice, Dr. Steinbrech maintains a hectic research and lecture schedule. He also finds time to share his expertise on a charitable basis.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Robert Tibbs. Stephanie completed her undergraduate studies in Kinesiology at Southern Nazarene University in Bethany, OK in 1999. She then completed a Master\u2019s in Education also at Southern Nazarene University in 2001. Her training as a PA was completed at the University of Oklahoma Health Sciences Center\u2019s Physician Associate Program. She received a Master\u2019s of Health Sciences upon graduating from the PA Program in 2005.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He has won numerous awards for his innovative skill including \u201cSuper Doctor\u201d and is considered one of the \u201cTop 10 Plastic Surgeons\u201d in northern Virginia. He is board certified in plastic surgery by the American Board of Plastic Surgery and is a diamond Allergan provider of BOTOX and Juv\u00e9derm injectables. He utilizes minimally invasive techniques to emphasize natural-looking results, and has pioneered advanced methods for the mini facelift and nonsurgical rhinoplasty. Dr. Chang is honored to be serving the greater northwest region of Washington, D.C. with outstanding cosmetic care.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Luo was able to get through 28 straight hours of surgery, but after the procedure was finishing he ended up falling asleep on the floor as people called him a hero.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Drakos is the author of more than 50 peer-reviewed articles, book chapters and presentations involving orthopedics. He has directly provided care for high school, collegiate, professional, and Olympic athletes.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " His particular skill set is minimally invasive foot and ankle surgery. In addition to foot and ankle conditions, he also treats ligament and cartilage injuries of the knee, performs joint replacement surgery of the hip, knee and ankle and minimally invasive fracture surgery.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She practices in Anchorage, Alaska and has the professional credentials of M.D.. The NPI Number for Dr. Christina Bray Magill is 1043340185 and she holds a License No. 2006028765 (Missouri).", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " A Pushcart Prize nominee, she served as an associate poetry editor for Connotation Press-an Online Artifact, and interviewed authors for Scissors and Spackle. Her poetry and prose have recently appeared in Thrice Fiction, Conclave: a Journal of Character, The Bookends Review, A-Minor Magazine, Santa Fe Literary Review, Menacing Hedge, Otoliths, Paper Nautilus, and several anthologies. She now lives in Essen, Germany.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Dr. Klett has over 13 years of experience performing a wide variety of eyelid and related procedures, including blepharoplasty, brow and forehead elevation and midface rejuvenation. Dr. Klett also has extensive expertise using Botox\u2122 and injectable soft-tissue fillers for both therapeutic and cosmetic purposes.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He has experience in limb preservation techniques, including massive endoprostheses, expandable protheses for growing children, and shoulder arthritis and deals with hip and knee replacement and revision surgery.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " A graduate of the University of Cincinnati College of Medicine, Dr. Thomas completed his orthopedic training and fellowship in sports medicine at the Medical College of Wisconsin, with additional training in Cambridge, England. Dr Thomas is known as an expert in full and partial knee replacements, the anterior approach to hip replacement and is also trained in MAKO robotic-assisted joint replacement.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She has passionate interest in nutrition and botanical medicine. She is intrigued with endocannabinology and is consistently researching and learning about cannabinoid therapies and how they may benefit patients. Locally, she has aligned with MDs to gain unique perspective on clinical use of cannabis through the OMMP.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " She practices alternative medicine as well as traditional medicine and serves the East Valley cities of Gilbert, Chandler, Scottsdale, Tempe, Apache Junction, Queen Creek, Phoenix, and even has some patients who travel from West Valley!", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Dr. Frank T. Felts was the first surgeon to perform advanced laparoscopic procedures in Jacksonville and surrounding areas. Dr. Frank T. Felts has mastered his skills in his 25 years of experience and has performed over 4,000 advanced laparoscopic procedures.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He is currently President of ESSKA and has been involved in the board of the French Arthroscopy Society (SFA) and the French National society (SOFCOT). He is the medical director of the Lyon Ortho Clinic in France", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He received his medical degree from Rush Medical College. For his post medical training, he joined The Mount Sinai Hospital as a resident of Plastic & Reconstructive Surgery. He also worked as a fellow of Craniofacial Surgery at Miami Children\u2019s Hospital & South Miami Hospital. Dr. Lamperthas hospital privilege at Mount Sinai Medical Center, Baptist Hospital, South Miami Hospital, Doctors Hospital, Medical Arts Surgery Center Baptist, Aventura Hospital, Jackson South Community Hospital and West Kendall Baptist Hospital.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He earned his Doctor of Dental Surgery in 1985. He then specialized in the same area by 1990. In 1992, he got his Ph.D. in born regeneration related to interface development of dental implants at McGill University. Read more: Dr. Cameron Clokie Gives His Quick Tips for Tooth Care While Traveling", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " As a family doctor, Dr. Siddiqui has worked in rural Newfoundland and Labrador, Alberta and Ontario. Dr. Siddiqui has served the Vaughan community for a number of years and looks forward to continuing his family practice and walk in clinic here. Dr. Siddiqui is a compassionate practitioner who provides collaborative, evidence-based and efficient healthcare at Vellore Medical Centre & Walk-In Clinic. To make an appointment with Dr. Siddiqui, please contact (905) 832-6862 or walk-in today.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " His research focuses on health care spending and quality under global payment, the impact of Medicare fee policy, and the economics of Medicare Advantage. His work has been published in leading academic outlets such as the New England Journal of Medicine, JAMA, Health Affairs, and Journal of Health Economics. He is a recipient of the AcademyHealth Article-of-the-Year award, Daniel Ford Award for health services and outcomes research from Johns Hopkins, the High Value Care research award from the American College of Physicians, and the Emerging Leader in Managed Care Research Award from the American Journal of Managed Care. He was a member of the Top Doctors in Training from Boston Magazine and the 30 Under 30 in Science and Healthcare from Forbes Magazine.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Dr. Williams graduated from University of Nevada Reno School of Medicine in 2000 and has been in practice for 18 years. He completed a residency at Southern Illinois University School of Medicine. Dr. Williams also specializes in Spine Surgery. He currently practices at Orthopaedic Center of Illinois and is affiliated with St John's Hospital. Dr. Williams accepts multiple insurance plans including Aetna, Medicare and Blue Cross Blue Shield of Illinois. Dr. Williams also practices at Orthopaedic Center of Illinois in Springfield, IL. In addition to English, Dr. Williams's practice supports this language: Spanish.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He does arthroscopic and open procedures for knee and shoulder problems as well as knee and shoulder joint replacement surgery. Dr. Marx also performs complex and revision surgical cases.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Bevan has an interest in palliative care and care of the elderly. Prior to entering medicine, she completed a PhD in Computer Science at McGill University, focussing on statistical analysis and modelling of genetic data. She subsequently earned her medical degree at the Schulich School of Medicine & Dentistry, University of Western Ontario.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " After graduating from Sindh Medical College, he undertook general surgery training at Jinnah Postgraduate Medical Centre in Karachi, Pakistan. For Breast Surgery, he worked at the Singapore General Hospital, the Blamey Breast Unit, Nottingham, UK and at St James Clinic, Paris.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Zhang Ji Qiu practices at Ma Kuang Chinese Medicine & Research Centre Pte Ltd (Toa Payoh) in Toa Payoh, Singapore,Ma Kuang Chinese Medicine & Research Centre Pte Ltd (Clementi) in Clementi, Singapore and Ma Kuang Chinese Medicine & Research Centre Pte Ltd (Main) in Clarke Quay, Singapore. Some of the services provided by the her are: Pain Management Counseling,Treatment for Ophthalmological and Otolaryngology Disorders,Treatment for Gastrointestinal Disorders,Treatment for Respiratory Disorders and Menstrual Disorders etc.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " She is a pediatric intensivist who cares for patients at the Cleveland Clinic Children\u2019s Hospital for Rehabilitation, including children who are the victims of nonaccidental trauma. Her research interests include pediatric ethics and professional ethics.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Louis. He is Director of the Center for Innovation in Neuroscience and Technology and the Brain Laser Center. His work has yielded him numerous accolades as a scientist, a neurosurgeon, and an inventor. He was named one of the Top Young Innovators by MIT\u2019s magazine Technology Review. The magazine names individuals under the age of 35 each year whose work in technology has global impact. In addition to numerous peer reviewed publications, Leuthardt has numerous patents on file with the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office for medical devices and brain computer interface technologies.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He earned his bachelor of arts degree at Emory University in Atlanta, his certificate as an emergency medical technician from Broward Community College in Fort Lauderdale, and his DO from Nova Southeastern University. Dr. Roth completed his rotating internship at Palmetto General Hospital and his second year of residency in orthopedic surgery at Parkway Regional Medical Center.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She is Director of Programming for \u201cProject: Job Search\u201d and volunteers for New Canaan CaTS (Career Transition Support Group) a community group offering free workshops and support for job seekers.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He specializes in peripheral vascular disease, including: lower extremity arterial disease, carotid artery occlusive disease, varicose veins and lower extremity venous insufficiency, aortic and peripheral artery aneurysms, deep vein thrombosis, renal artery and mesenteric artery occlusive disease, dialysis access and wound care. Whenever possible, he performs minimally invasive alternatives to traditional open procedures.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She is an in-network provider for Medicare insurance. After attending the University of Aberdeen, College of Life Sciences and Medicine and the University of Michigan Medical School, Dr. Ebert-Santos completed her residency training at Kapi'olani Medical Center for Women and Children. Her hospital/clinic affiliations include Centura Health and Children's Hospital Colorado.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Since then she has facilitated workshops using literature and creative writing for people living with illness and for health professional students. Her creative writing has been published or is forthcoming in Portfolio milieu 2004 (an anthology of Canadian women's writing), Women Who Care: Canadian Women's Experiences of Health Care and Caring, Blood and Thunder: Musings on the Art of Medicine, and others. In 2008, her writing was shortlisted for the Canadian Lesbian & Gay Archives' First Person Narrative Essay Contest.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " She practices in Concord, Massachusetts and has the professional credentials of M.D.. The NPI Number for Margo Magdelana Moskos is 1427095462 and she holds a License No. 78360 (Massachusetts).", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Dr. Portoghese graduated from USF Health Morsani College of Medicine in 1982 and has been in practice for 36 years. He completed a residency at University of South Florida College of Medicine. He currently practices at Surgical Specialists of Florida Hospital and is affiliated with Florida Hospital Orlando. Dr. Portoghese accepts multiple insurance plans including Aetna, Medicare and Humana. Dr. Portoghese also practices at Florida Hospital Pathology in Orlando, FL. In addition to English, Dr. Portoghese's practice supports this language: Spanish.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He received his general training in ophthalmology at the Manchester Royal Eye Hospital and fellowship training in paediatric eye diseases at Great Ormond Street Hospital and King's College Hospital, London. He was appointed consultant ophthalmologist at the Manchester Royal Eye Hospital in 2002. The paediatric ophthalmology department at the Manchester Royal Eye Hospital is highly regarded both nationally and internationally for it's high quality care, excellent outcomes and teaching and training opportunities.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She is one of several Advanced Practice Providers helping to meet the demands of various high-volume surgical services such as General Pediatric Surgery, Plastic Surgery, Orthopedics, and... Read more", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He specializes in breast augmentation, liposuction, and tummy tucks. His patients include many local, national, and international pageant winners. Dr. Bergman is also a highly qualified pageant judge. His web site is bergmanfolkers.com.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He has written a series of articles in the New Yorker, blending stories of individual patients and their care providers with a larger scientific and health policy context. Some of the most relevant of these articles for Accountable Care Organizations (ACOs) include:", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He has been featured in numerous publications including the Consumer\u2019s Research Council\u2019s \u201cGuide to America\u2019s Top Surgeons\u201d and was recently included in Marquis\u2019 \u201cWho\u2019s Who in the United States for 2012.\u201d Dr. Trussler has also received several awards for his scientific contributions to the field of plastic surgery. He has lectured internationally on the topic of cosmetic surgery and has authored numerous manuscripts and book chapters.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He is able to handle multiple kinds of jobs, helping to transform the appearance of each of his patients and helping to make those patients feel confident about their looks.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She is an Assistant Clinical Professor of Pediatrics and Internal Medicine at the Ohio State University College of Medicine. She is board certified in both Internal Medicine and Pediatrics. She is the Medical Lead at South High Primary Care, the primary outpatient training location for the Internal Medicine-Pediatrics residency program. She is also the Medical Director for the Family AIDS Clinic and Education Services (FACES), a clinic devoted to the prevention of HIV and care for patients of all ages living with HIV. Her primary interests include primary care and HIV care for all ages, underserved care, population health and medical education.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Dr. Caldwell graduated from Wayne State University School of Medicine in 2006 and has been in practice for 10 years. Dr. Caldwell also specializes in Spine Surgery. He currently practices at Orthopedic & Sports Medicine and is affiliated with Elkhart General Hospital. Dr. Caldwell accepts multiple insurance plans including Aetna, Medicare and Blue Cross Blue Shield of Illinois. Dr. Caldwell also practices at Ascendant Orthopedic Alliance LLC in Goshen, IN. In addition to English, Dr. Caldwell's practice supports this language: Spanish.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She received her Bachelor\u2019s degree from University of Southern California and earned her Masters of Science while completing medical school at American University of the Caribbean School of Medicine. Dr. Good completed her pediatrics training and chief residency at Children\u2019s Hospital of Illinois at the University of Illinois School of Medicine and completed her Neonatal-Perinatal Medicine and post-doctoral fellowship at Children\u2019s Hospital of Pittsburgh and University of Pittsburgh School of Medicine.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " For more than 35 years he has been active in the peace movement and for over 25 years he has been a member of IPPNW. Kr\u00e4mer co-founded the IPPNW working group \u201cSouth-North\u201d(S\u00fcd-Nord). His work includes the IPPNW Report Body Count \u2013Casualty Figures after 10 Years of the \u201cWar against Terror\u201d advocating an end to this war.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " A former physical therapist, he has a special expertise in minimally invasive approaches to scoliosis surgery and correction of other spinal deformities.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " After graduating with honors and distinction in orthopaedic research from Albert Einstein College of Medicine in Bronx, New York, Dr. Muzzonigro completed an internship and orthopaedic surgical residency at UPMC, where he also served as a clinical instructor in orthopaedics. He has written numerous articles on orthopaedic topics, including trauma, sports medicine, and gene therapy for arthritis.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " In addition, Julie has devoted the last 15 years to the in-depth study and practice of yoga. She received her advanced teaching certification from Down Under Yoga in Boston in 2015. She teaches yoga primarily \u201cbeyond the mat,\u201d helping individuals and groups to apply the principles and practice of yoga to their daily lives. In 2017, she was selected by Number 1 executive coach and leadership thinker Marshall Goldsmith from among 16,000 applicants as one of the MG 100 coaches. Her first book\u2014Beyond the Mat: Achieve Focus, Presence, and Enlightened Leadership Through the Principles and Practice of Yoga\u2014is published by Da Capo/Hachette Books. For more information, find her on Twitter, Facebook, or Instagram, or visit her at www.julierosenbergmd.com.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " She practices in Little Rock, Arkansas and has the professional credentials of MD. The NPI Number for Angela Shy is 1629199690 and she holds a License No. E-5203 (Arkansas).", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Prior to enrolling in medical school she studied for a Masters degree in Clinical Nutrition at the University of Illinois. She then went on to graduate from the University of Illinois College of Medicine at Rockford, and completed her specialty training in Family Medicine with Kaiser Foundation Hospital, Fontana, California. She is both board-certified by the American Academy of Family Physicians, and by the American Board of Holistic Medicine.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Board Certified in Hospice and Palliative Medicine since 1996, she also maintains Board Certification in Family Medicine. Cheryl has extensive management and consulting experience with skills in program evaluation, quality assessment and performance improvement, policy development, accreditation, and utilization review. She is skilled at conducting chart reviews and compliance audits, and has been a leader in multiple efforts developing standards of practice in hospice and palliative care", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " She is also a community health advocate. Jifunza co-founded Black Oaks Center for Renewable Sustainable Living and Health Food Hub, a 500+ community supported agriculture project in Chicago. Black Oaks Center assists communities in reducing their carbon footprint and fossil fuel use through education and training that includes teaching permaculture.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He has practiced Indianapolis plastic surgery for more than three decades. He combines his extensive experience with the most advanced innovations in cosmetic surgery.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She has a passion for global health and humanitarian work, which prompted her to also pursue her MPH from UC Berkeley. She also acts as a Member of the Board of Advisors of Flying Doctors of America, a not-for-profit organization that provides international medical care and education to communities in need.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " His experience in the operating room led him to invent a simple device for protecting a patient\u2019s face during surgery. Rather than elaborate about the why\u2019s and wherefore\u2019s of the Saving...", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He currently practices at Clinch Professional Physician Services LLC and is affiliated with Clinch Valley Medical Center. Dr. Moran accepts multiple insurance plans including Aetna, Humana and Cigna.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Iversen is board-certified by the American Board of Internal Medicine and holds additional board certifications in Hospice and Palliative Medicine and in Addiction Medicine. She is also a certified medical acupuncturist.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He is Mayo Clinic trained and offers a wide variety of procedures for the face, body, and breasts. Popular procedures include breast augmentation, liposuction, facelift and tummy tucks (abdominoplasty). A full menu of medical spa skin care services is available as well. Visit Dr. Cambeiro\u2019s website for more detailed information.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He is also a staff writer at The New Yorker and the author of Complications: A Surgeon's Notes on an Imperfect Science, parts of which first appeared in the magazine.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Khanna underwent his spine fellowship at Rush-Presbyterian-St. Luke's Medical Center in Chicago. Specializing in minimally invasive spine surgery, Dr. Khanna is a member of North American Spine Society, American Academy of Orthopaedic Surgeons and Indiana State Medical Society.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He completed a residency at Uw Hospital and Clinics. In addition to English, Dr. Mitchell's practice supports these languages: Vietnamese, Italian, German, Tagalog, French, Spanish, Arabic, Polish, Russian and Korean.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He studied at the University of California, Los Angeles, where he received his Bachelor of Science Degree in Neuroscience and his Master of Science Degree in Neurobiology. From UCLA he attended Western University of Health Sciences, where he earned his D.O. From Western University. Dr. Hariri completed his Neurosurgery residency at Riverside University Health System Medical Center. He then worked in the Level 1 Trauma Center at Santa Clara Valley Medical Center as an Attending Neurosurgeon. During this time he was also a Clinical Instructor and Complex Spine Fellow at the Stanford University School of Medicine.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " His areas of expertise include facial (blepharoplasty, rhinoplasty), breast (augmentation, lift, reduction), and body contouring (liposuction, abdominoplasty) procedures, and he has been voted as one of the \u201cBest Doctors in America\u201d on numerous occasions. He is also included as one of the \u201cBest Plastic Surgeons\u201d in Austin Monthly Magazine and is a founding member of the non-profit organization Austin Smiles as well as the Central Texas Cleft Lip and Palate Team.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He provides treatment for personal injury, workers\u2019 compensation and private patients. Dr. Abitbol also conducts clinical research and has contributed book chapters published articles in peer-reviewed journals and presented abstracts and exhibits at conferences. Dr. Abitbol speaks English, Spanish and French.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He was appointed in 1984 following completion of a fellowship in Critical Care Medicine. Prior to his appointment, he served as a clinical associate at Cleveland Clinic while also serving as a clinical instructor in Pediatrics at Case Western Reserve University, Cleveland.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He practices in Fpo, Armed Forces Europe and has the professional credentials of M.D.. The NPI Number for Dr. Ryan Patrick Ponton is 1043470685 and he holds a License No. 274200 (Massachusetts).", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Dr. Farrell graduated from State University of New York Downstate Medical Center College of Medicine in 1954 and has been in practice for 64 years. He completed a residency at St Charles Hospital. Dr. Farrell accepts multiple insurance plans including MVP Health Plan, Medicare and Humana. In addition to English, Dr. Farrell's practice supports this language: Spanish.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She graduated from NC State in 2006 and from Mountain State University in 2010. She has been working as a PA for 7 years specializing in urgent care and emergency medicine. Erica truly enjoys her work and feels it is wonderful job. She resides in Angier and is married to a fellow Angier native David Wimberly. They have 2 boys, Jesse and Jamey Wimberly. She enjoys spending time with her family, traveling, and trying new places to eat.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Dr. Monson graduated from University of Iowa Roy J & Lucille A Carver College of Medicine in 1982 and has been in practice for 34 years. He currently practices at Emory Orthopaedics & Spine Center and is affiliated with Emory University Hospital Midtown. Dr. Monson accepts multiple insurance plans including Aetna, Medicare and Humana. Dr. Monson also practices at The Emory Clinic Midtown Anesthesiology in Atlanta, GA.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He specializes in the use of arthroscopy in the management of a wide spectrum of pathologies. His goal is to help children and teenagers recover from injuries and return to activities by developing individualized surgical and non-surgical care plans. He earned his medical degree from the Albert Einstein College of Medicine, and completed residency training at the Montefiore/Einstein department of orthopedic surgery. He trained in pediatric orthopedics at the Hospital for Sick Children in Toronto, followed by a combined adult and pediatric sports medicine fellowship at the University of Pennsylvania. In addition to sports medicine and arthroscopy, his other interests include fractures, lower extremity deformities, and most other pediatric orthopedic conditions.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He is cofounder of the American Association of Patients and Providers (AAPP), a nonprofit organization advocating commonsense changes in healthcare. Dr. Cherewatenko conducts community seminars nationally on female stress, diabetes, obesity, and other issues and has been featured in the Wall Street Journal, Newsweek, USA Today, and on the cover of U.S. News & World Report. He and his family live in Renton, Washington.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Dr. Cook is board certified by the American Board of Surgery with an added qualification ins surgical critical care. Dr. Cook's expertise includes surgery and surgical research. He is a member of the American College of Surgeons, the Eastern Associaton for the Surgery of Trauma and The American Associaton for the Surgery of Trauma. Dr. Cook received his medical degree from the University of Vermont College of Medicine, where he also completed his residency in surgery. He completed his fellowship at Univeristy of Texas Southwestern Medical Center.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He trained at Memorial Sloan Kettering Cancer Center, Newark Beth Israel Medical Center and New Jersey's Monmouth Medical Center. In 2004, he joined a private surgical practice affiliated with the JFK Medical Center Staff in Atlantis, Florida.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He is a graduate of Stanford Medical School and completed his residency at New York University School of Medicine. He also received his Master\u2019s degree from University of North Carolina.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He oversees an extensive research program on infectious diseases such as HIV/AIDS, influenza, tuberculosis, Ebola and Zika, as well as diseases of the immune system.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " His clinical interests include herniated disc sciatica, spinal stenosis, and spinal tumors. An internationally renowned lecturer and teacher, Dr. Heller is the past president of the Cervical Spine Research Society and was one of the first surgeons in the country to perform laminoplasty.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She has worked in the area of child-survival in several remote parts of Asia with Save the Children, USAID, Water Aid and other charities. She knows all too well what a guilt-trip parenting can be, and aims to empower families to follow their dreams so that parenthood is inspiring not inhibiting. At present Jane is based in Cambridge where she is a General Practitioner and also medical director of a travel immunisation clinic. She teaches and writes extensively on travel and health. She has published six books so far. Her website www.wilson-howarth.com includes travel health tips which she also tweets as @longdropdoc.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He completed his MD from the Emory Medical School and joined New York Medical College as a Resident of General Surgery. He also worked as a fellow of Plastic Surgery at Tulane University and joined Gung Memorial Hospital to work on Microsurgery and Asian Plastic Surgery. Certified by the American Board of Plastic Surgery, he is a member of American Society of Plastic Surgeons. Dr. Liu has hospital affiliations at Cedars-Sinai Medical Center, Olympia Medical Center, UCLA Santa Monica and St. John\u2019s Medical Center.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Chang Lee Hsien practices at Yong Kang Medical Hall in Telok Blangah, Singapore. Some of the services provided by the her are: TuiNa,Skin Conditions,Respiratory Conditions,Pain Management Counseling and Emotions & Stress Related Conditions etc.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He graduated from the Free University of Brussels in 1995 and is a member of the Royal Belgian Society for Plastic Surgery. He also holds a degree in microsurgery.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He is passionate about helping his patients by using innovative medical technologies to achieve lasting results. One of the things which set him apart is his attention to detail. He understands the need to be meticulous in every surgery he performs, because any cosmetic surgery has long-lasting effects on one\u2019s appearance. Whether it is a nose job or an aesthetic eye surgery, Dr. Jejurikar does not leave anything to chance.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Unfortunately, Dr. Hackam spends a good deal of his time removing dead sections of intestine from sick babies, but he would deeply love to be able to do more than just take out intestines but actually replace the dead or dying intestinal tissue. It is that desire that has driven Hackam and his colleagues to grow intestines in the laboratory.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He holds the Foundation Chair in Otolaryngology at The University of Western Australia and is the Head of the Ear Sciences Centre (since 2000) and Director of Ear Science Institute Australia (since 2001).", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She practices in Seattle, Washington and has the professional credentials of MD. The NPI Number for Susan Apkon is 1083707434 and she holds a License No. 60085504W (Washington).", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Ahmed also had to provide step-by-step visibility into the surgery for a number of medical students. This time, instead of using a 360 degree 4K camera\u2013like the setup he used back in April when he got all fancy-schmancy while removing a colon tumour\u2013he just slipped on a pair of Snapchat spectacles and had one of his assistants manning the recording and the uploading (one click each). Ahmed just sliced and diced while providing commentary throughout the series of 10 second clips. About 200 medical students followed the surgery as it occurred.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Black\u2019s expertise includes advanced arthroscopic surgery, reconstructive surgery, replacement surgery and fracture surgery of the shoulder and elbow. He has advanced knowledge and skills in complex rotator cuff repairs, instability surgery and shoulder replacements.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " In 2001, Cooper received the American Meteorological Society's Special Award \u201cfor outstanding work on the medical effects of lightning which has enhanced the treatment of lightning strike victims and revolutionized lightning safety worldwide.\u201d And two years later, she was elected an AMS Fellow\u2014to date the only physician to be so honored.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He received his Doctor of Medicine from the Loyola University Chicago Stritch School of Medicine and completed his fellowship at the University of California, San Diego for Sports Medicine and Arthroscopic Surgery.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Knee surgery is his specialty and he says although partial knee replacements have been available for some time, new technology from ConforMIS, Inc., has become his preference for patients suffering from some arthritic problems of the knee. The reason? Custom fit technology that provides patient-specific knee implants.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Mognoni earned her Bachelor of Science in Dietetics/Nutrition at State University of New York in Oneonta, and her Bachelor of Science in Physician Assistant at Nova Southeastern University in Florida.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Dr. Peden has expertise in treating a variety of foot pain and deformity related conditions including Achilles tendonitis, ankle instability, cartilage injuries, bunions and hammer toes. His practice will also focus on youth athlete sports injuries and the types of injuries seen in field athletes, gymnasts and ballet dancers.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Levine graduated from University of Virginia School of Medicine in 1974 and has been in practice for 42 years. He completed a residency at University of Miami Health System. He currently practices at White-Wilson Medical Center Neurology and is affiliated with Fort Walton Beach Medical Center. Dr. Levine accepts multiple insurance plans including Aetna and Medicare. In addition to English, Dr. Levine's practice supports these languages: Spanish, French and Farsi/Persian.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Sebastian takes on the slots mobile bonus of a tall, handsome adult with black hair, red eyes, and pale skin. He typically dresses in marble gambling term butler's outfit, which consists of black trousers, a.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He obtained his MD from University of Tuebingen and received his training in Cardiovascular Surgery at University Heart Center Hamburg. His research is related to Cardiac Regeneration with a focus on Myocardial tissue engineering from human induced pluripotent stem cells. Dr. Pecha received several awards for his research including the Philip K. Caves Award in 2015 from the ISHLT and the Dr. Martini Price 2017 from the Dr. Martini Foundation.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He is dedicated and reputed Plastic Surgeon with an experience of 43 years. He operates all type of cosmetic procedures with accuracy and proficiency. He believes in proper coordination between his patients and himself to clarify all the questions. He completed his Medical Education from Cornell University Medical College. For his post-medical school training, he joined Harvard Medical School as a Resident of General Surgery and for further expertise, he joined the same University as a Resident of Plastic Surgery. Certified by the American Board of Plastic Surgery, he is a member of American Society for Aesthetic Plastic Surgery and American Society of Plastic Surgeons. Dr. Grossman has hospital affiliation at Rose Medical Center and Cedars-Sinai Medical Center.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He completed his undergraduate education at Dickinson College, in Pennsylvania, and then earned his M.D. at George Washington University in the Nation\u2019s Capital. He completed an internship and residency in orthopedic surgery at the same institution.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " After bilateral below-knee amputations from trauma 20 years ago, Dr. Cain has continued an active life that includes flying vintage airplanes, long-distance cycling, adaptive skiing, and winning the Gold Medal in slalom in the first U.S. national adaptive snowboarding championships. Dr. Cain is a passionate champion for amputee advocacy and has served the Amputee Coalition in the past as a member of the board of directors and its Medical Advisory Board, as well as the founding chair of its Advocacy Committee, and in Colorado he led the Coalition\u2019s efforts to successfully pass the first state law to mandate coverage of prosthetic devices.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " His interest in the martial arts began with several years of judo in the 1960s in San Francisco. Upon entering private practice he began studying yang-style taiji, which he still pursues. He has practiced muso shinden ryu iaido for eight years and has been awarded the rank of Sandan by the All-U.S. Kendo Federation.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He is dedicated to delivering immediate evaluation and management for patients newly diagnosed with benign and cancerous liver lesions. He and a team of transplant and oncologic surgery specialists work in concert to offer aggressive advanced treatments. With 25 years of experience in a high-volume transplant center, he is one of the most practiced hepatobiliary and transplant surgeons in the nation. Dr. Goldstein is chief of hepatobiliary surgery and medical director of the Liver and Pancreas Disease Center and assistant director of transplantation at the Baylor Annette C. and Harold C. Simmons Transplant Institute.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She is board-certified by the American Association of Neurological Surgeons and the American Board of Pediatric Neurosurgeons. Dr. Wehby earned her medical degree from Baylor College of Medicine, completed her neurosurgery residency at UCLA Medical Center and was awarded a neurosurgery fellowship at Primary...", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Hsin graduated from University of Colorado School of Medicine in 1990 and has been in practice for 28 years. He completed a residency at University of Colorado Health. Dr. Hsin also specializes in Sports Medicine. He currently practices at Cornerstone Orthopaedics & Sports Medicine PC and is affiliated with Avista Adventist Hospital and Exempla Lutheran Medical Center. Dr. Hsin accepts multiple insurance plans including Aetna, Rocky Mountain Health Plans and Medicare. Dr. Hsin also practices at Flatirons Surgery Center LLC in Louisville, CO. In addition to English, Dr. Hsin's practice supports this language: Spanish.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She received her MD and PhD from the University of California, San Francisco. She then carried out her residency and fellowship training at Harvard\u2019s Brigham and Women\u2019s Hospital and Dana-Farber Cancer Institute, and served as Chief Medical Resident from 2010-2011. She joined the faculty of the Departments of Medicine (Divisions of Hematology and Bone marrow transplantation) and Genetics at Stanford University in 2014 after completing a post-doctoral fellowship focused on genomics at the Broad Institute of Harvard and MIT. Prof. Bhatt is a current Damon Runyon Clinical Investigator and has received multiple awards for her academic scholarship including the Chen Award of Excellence from the Human Genome Organisation (HUGO).", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He is a well known international speaker for example at ASAPS and AACS congresses. His article regarding a liposuction comparison study has been printed in several international medical magazines.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She is a graduate from Stony Brook University in Stony Brook, NY. She also graduated from the University of Portland with a Biology Bachelors of Science with a minor in chemistry. Outside of medicine she enjoys spending time with her family, working on puzzles, snowboarding and watching sports.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He writes and lectures on regional and national public policy issues, and has published in major national journals and newspapers on issues ranging from health care reform, to tax policy, to drug policy reform. He is a member of the Board of Directors of the Goldwater Institute, and also serves on the Board of Directors of the Maricopa County Medical Society. He received his Doctor of Medicine from New York Medical College, and is a Fellow of the American College of Surgeons.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Pearson graduated from Medical University of South Carolina College of Medicine in 1973 and has been in practice for 45 years. He completed a residency at Virginia Mason Hospital and Medical Center. He currently practices at Pee Dee Surgical Associates and is affiliated with McLeod Regional Medical Center. Dr. Pearson accepts multiple insurance plans including Aetna, BCBS South Carolina and Medicare.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " His particular expertise is in arthroscopic ligament reconstruction surgery of the knee, within which field he has special knowledge in the area of childrens' knee ligaments. Dr Shah is also interested in Prolotherapy injections for soft tissue problems. He has over three years of experience with more than 200 patients and uses...View Full Profile >>", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Mrs. Elsener is a healthcare provider and practices under the assistance of Dr. Mary Fleischli. After completing her Bachelor of Science at Furman University in Greenville, South Carolina, Mrs. Elsener came back to her home state of Texas to complete her training, where she received a Masters of Physician Assistant Studies from UT Southwestern. Mrs. Elsener enjoys seeing patients and caring for them each on an individual level. In her time away from the office, she enjoys spending time with her husband and daughter. She is an avid runner and tennis player, and enjoys walking her family\u2019s energetic black Labrador, Speedy!", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " His clinical interests include the face, breast, and body aesthetic surgeries, as well as breast, chest wall, lower extremity, facial trauma and post-bariatric reconstructive surgeries. In addition, he provides non-surgical aesthetic procedures such as JUVEDEM\u00ae, Radiesse\u00ae Volumizing Filler, Belotero\u00ae Balance and BOTOX\u00ae Cosmetic. He is a member of the American Society of Plastic Surgery, the American Board of Plastic Surgery, the American Medical Society and serves as an advisor for the National Council of Leaders in Breast Aesthetics.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She has expertise in the treatment of Parkinson\u2019s disease, Multiple System Atrophy, Progressive Supranuclear Palsy, Dementia with Lewy Bodies, Essential Tremor and Huntington\u2019s disease. She has extensive experience with Deep Brain Stimulation for the treatment of Parkinson\u2019s disease and Essential Tremor.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " It consists of a screen and attachments for clinical exams such as a stethoscope or a special camera for examining skin lesions. Using a cellphone connection, this tool allows him to effectively assess and diagnose patients from anywhere that has access to one of these devices. Such technology could easily allow a physician to set up a boutique practice, offering wealthy patients from any country in the world special access to his services from the comfort of their homes. Instead, he uses the doctor-in-the-box and a type of robot with similar capabilities to see patients in remote areas such as Labrador, Northern Saskatchewan and the Bolivian Andes.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Affiliated with Overland Park Regional Medical Center, Dr. Carpenter specializes in shoulder and elbow orthopedic conditions and utilizes modern surgical methods such as shoulder and elbow arthroscopy, minimally invasive shoulder replacements, cartilage restoration and regenerative medicine. She treats all general orthopedic conditions with specific expertise in non-operative and arthroscopic treatment of rotator cuff injuries, shoulder arthritis treatment with anatomic prostheses, upper extremity trauma, dislocations and fractures in pediatric and adult populations, sports related injuries and work related injuries.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " When home intruders brutally attack his wife and young daughter, Kersey becomes obsessed with delivering vigilante justice to the perpetrators. As the anonymous slayings grab the media\u2019s attent\u2026 MORE", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He has experience in diagnosing the disease and providing best medical help possible by latest technology in operations. His expertise lies in surgery of trauma patient.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He is a Senior Fellow of the American and British Colleges of Surgeons. He left his position as Director and CEO of the Christian Medical college, Ludhiana, Punjab, India, in 1992, to take up a full-time Church planting ministry in central India. His wife, Bindu, is also in a full-time church planting ministry, equipping women to be house-church leaders and trainers. They now have disciples making disciples in some forty countries. Theirs is presently amongst the fastest growing movements deploying volunteers with no paid workers in the field. God has blessed this ministry abundantly. In the year from Pentecost 2009 to Pentecost 2010, over one million underwent a \u2018holy dip\u2019 through their ministry partners. Large numbers of grassroots level leaders have been trained, who, subsequently, have planted tens of thousands of house churches across India and abroad.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She practices in Allentown, Pennsylvania and has the professional credentials of PA. The NPI Number for Kathryn E Bard is 1558657064 and she holds a License No. MA054902 (Pennsylvania).", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Equipped with a MBBS and DNB degree, Dr. Luthra\u2019s clinic interest lies in interpreting SPEC-CT Scans, Gamma Camera Scans, PET, and PET-CT Scans. She possesses a vast experience in Sestamibi Scanning for Myeloma, Thyroid Scanning, and Myocardial Perfusion Scanning for Coronary Artery Disease. She also provides consultation for Hyperthyroidism, Thyroid Cancers, and Radio-isotope therapies. Her profound knowledge and expertise coupled with ethical approach has benefitted several patients to cope with complex disorders. She takes keen interest in participating in seminars and conferences to keep abreast with the latest technological advancements in Nuclear Medicine.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He is the chairman of the Department of Neurosurgery at Hackensack University Medical Center and the director of the residency training program. He is the author of \u201cThe End of Back Pain.\u201d His interest is in improving the treatment of back pain with or without surgery.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He practices in Anchorage, Alaska and has the professional credentials of M.D.. The NPI Number for Marius Maxwell is 1285693077 and he holds a License No. 7202 (Alaska).", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " She is among the women featured in the NLM's \"Changing the Face of Medicine\" program and Web site, which celebrates women medical researchers and doctors (www.nlm.nih.gov/changingthefaceofmedicine/).", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " This man is over qualified for his job as he attended Harvard University where he graduated Magna Cum laude. A very hard thing to do but he did it and it shows his knowledge of his craft. Bu that\u2019s not all he completed his medical degree, trained in plastic and general surgery, and studied craniofacial research all at the John Hopkins University of Medicine. Currently Mark Mofid is in the san Diego area and is a staff surgeon at several hospitals. His educational and experience in the filed make him good hands to be in.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She was appointed as one of 17 UN Sustainable Development Goal Global Advocates and a UN High Level Commissioner on Health Employment and Economic Growth. She serves as a trustee for International Alert and Keeping Children Safe, and is an MIT Directors Fellow and Ashoka Fellow.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " She is an Assistant Professor at Oakland University William Beaumont School of Medicine and enjoys teaching in the classroom as well as at the bedside. She graduated from Michigan State University's College of Human Medicine and is a loyal Spartan fan! Dr. Hope is passionate about health promotion, empowerment and using evidence-based truths about human nature to improve habits and healthspan. She is a frequent volunteer at local homeless shelters, community centers, and senior citizen group meetings, sharing her enthusiasm about wellness and confidence.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Dr. Davey graduated from Texas A&M Health Science Center College of Medicine in 1992 and has been in practice for 26 years. He completed a residency at University of Texas Health System. He currently practices at Ou Physicians Clinic and is affiliated with The Children's Hospital at OU Medical Center. Dr. Davey accepts multiple insurance plans including Aetna, CommunityCare and Medicare. Dr. Davey also practices at OU Pediatrics Residency in Oklahoma City, OK. In addition to English, Dr. Davey's practice supports these languages: French and Spanish.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She is a friendly and understanding doctor who has a keen interest in all aspects of cosmetic medicine, including anti-wrinkle injections, dermal fillers, and laser treatments.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He practices in Anchorage, Alaska and has the professional credentials of DO. The NPI Number for Brian Miller is 1336319243 and he holds a License No. 7834 (Alaska).", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Nicole\u2019s research expertise involves flat panel CT imaging, music perception, and cochlear implants. She completed her M.D. at Johns Hopkins University School of Medicine where she began working on issues relating to cochlear implantation, complex sound processing, and high-resolution imaging. Prior to her M.D., Nicole graduated from Johns Hopkins University with a degree in neuroscience investigating the neurobiology of learning and memory. As a National Institutes of Health M-STREAM and MHIRT research fellow, Nicole has been funded to investigate AMPA receptor trafficking and the effects of perinatal stress on neuro-immunology. She has served as a board member on several non-profit involving international health, fine arts, and medical education. In her free time, she is a musician (violin, viola, and piano), opera aficionado, and artist.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Ms. Carlson has worked in multiple urgent care settings, treating patients across Southern California since graduating from Touro University. Growing up in Thousand Oaks, Ms. Carlson played soccer for California Lutheran University. On her days off she enjoys indoor soccer, hiking and mountain biking.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " After completing his vascular fellowships, Albert Lo worked as a Consultant Vascular Surgeon in Wellington for 2 years before moving to Hawkes Bay in 2014. He provides a full spectrum of endovascular procedures such as peripheral arterial angioplasty and endovascular aorta repair in addition to open vascular procedures.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He graduated Magna Cum Laude from Notre Dame with an undergraduate degree in biochemistry. Dr. Weniger then graduated Summa Cum Laude from University of Pittsburgh School of Medicine, where he also completed his 6 year plastic surgery residency.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She practices in Baltimore, Maryland and has the professional credentials of . The NPI Number for Iffat N Chowdhury is 1053406108 and she holds a License No. D0061556 (Maryland).", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " She is board certified in both Pediatrics and Emergency Medicine. She is highly active in the senior citizen community. She frequently provides lectures on different health related topics and precautions pertaining to older adults at multiple senior citizens centers and churches. Dr. Prasad devotes a considerable amount of time treating senior citizens at Urgent Care clinics as well as caring for local community members in need of medical treatment and or advice. Additionally, Dr. Prasad gives monthly health talks on the air on her local TV show. Dr. Prasad has demonstrated an attitude of caring toward older adults in numerous ways. Being a senior citizen herself, she understands the importance of being active and staying healthy.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " As a founding partner at Aesthetic Plastic Surgery, PC, Dr. Israeli has helped to develop a breast reconstruction practice with a uniquely holistic approach. In his practice, patients are offered programs in a Patient Empowerment Program, led by a counselor with more than forty years of experience.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Soon after he started treating women with breast disease, he realised that they needed to have an up-to-date and easy-to-read guide to breast disorders to help them understand what was happening inside their own bodies.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He practices in Sioux Falls, South Dakota and has the professional credentials of M.D.. The NPI Number for Timothy James Soundy is 1053383539 and he holds a License No. 3558 (South Dakota).", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " It was whilst he was working in the rural mountainous area of mid-Wales where he began to see the benefits of an organic diet in his patients who tended to live longer and enjoy better physical and mental health compared to his patients who lived and worked in the cities.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Kachenmeister graduated from Loma Linda University School of Medicine in 1988 and has been in practice for 29 years. He completed a residency at Loma Linda University Medical Center. He currently practices at Plastic Surgery Associates of Orange County and is affiliated with Hoag Hospital Newport Beach.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " In 2006, she graduated with honors from Methodist University in Fayetteville, North Carolina. Hannah obtained a Bachelor\u2019s of Science with a major in Biology and a minor in Chemistry.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He has been practicing orthopedics in McLean County since 1996. Dr. Li treats the entire range of orthopedic problems, and specializes in arthroscopic shoulder surgery, arthroscopic knee surgery and hand surgery.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Meisel stays on the cutting edge of medicine by continuing active research, specifically in rotator cuff repairs. His goal is to help patients regain and maintain an active lifestyle, whether as athletes or weekend warriors.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He practices in Birmingham, Alabama and has the professional credentials of MD. The NPI Number for Charles H Clark Iii is 1033206065 and he holds a License No. 9666 (Alabama).", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He has contributed to a number of scientific papers covering a variety of topics including breast augmentation, breast reduction, and breast reconstruction. Learn more about his impressive work by visiting the sources listed below.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Mallampati's career in public health started as an undergraduate at Northwestern University studying anthropology and global health and as a co-founder of the international non-profit GlobeMed. After college, she served as a Fulbright Fellow in India researching the intersection of family planning and HIV/AIDS interventions. Dr. Mallampati is a graduate of Harvard Medical School and the Harvard School of Public Health, where she focused on health policy. She has worked as a researcher and consultant in multiple countries around the globe for institutions such as the National AIDS Control Organization of India, The Ghana Health Service, The Population Council, Last Mile Health, and the World Health Organization. Her interest lies in understanding how national and global policies influence health outcomes for women and their families.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " In addition, she has devoted the last 15 years to the in-depth study and practice of yoga. She is passionate about helping individuals and groups to apply the principles and practice of yoga to their daily lives, and to support their overall health and well-being, to achieve greater success, and to become more effective leaders. She is honored to be among the Marshall Goldsmith 100 coaches, where sheI can pay-it-forward and help people live life with vitality, zest, and abundance!", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He studied biology at Williams College (Williamstown, MA), graduating cum laude in 1996. He studied medicine at Columbia University College of Physicians and Surgeons in New York, graduating with his medical degree in 2000.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She has provided quality, compassionate care for almost 20 years. She started her career practicing in Kentucky hospitals and has since held physician assistant positions in rehab centers, occupational health centers and primary care offices.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " She believes natural plant-based substances can often outperform synthetic drugs in treating medical conditions. One such condition is pediatric epilepsy. Dr. Gedde says cannibis is much safer than most prescription drugs, and enough information already exists [\u2026]", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Dr. Benacci graduated from Perelman School of Medicine at the University of Pennsylvania in 1988 and has been in practice for 29 years. Dr. Benacci also specializes in Surgery. He currently practices at Gundersen Lutheran La Crosse Clinic Nursing Staff Development and is affiliated with Gundersen Lutheran. Dr. Benacci accepts multiple insurance plans including Aetna, Medicare and Blue Cross Blue Shield of Illinois. Dr. Benacci also practices at Gundersen Lutheran Behavioral Health in La Crosse, WI. In addition to English, Dr. Benacci's practice supports these languages: Spanish and Arabic.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She practices in Anchorage, Alaska and has the professional credentials of M.D.. The NPI Number for Mariam Imnadze Miller is 1659533222 and she holds a License No. 101249 (Alaska).", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Weerasinghe at Gulpointe Surgical Specialists in Port Charlotte, Florida. In this video he credits the doctor with saving his life after being rushed to the hospital for an infection. He explains that he had nine surgeries performed and that Dr. Weerasinghe went above and beyond the normal patient physician relationship. He said that he cares and made sure his wife knew what was going on each time he went into surgery.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Oliver graduated from University of Medicine & Dentistry of New Jersey (UMDNJ) in 2010 and has been in practice for 8 years. He completed a residency at UMDNJ University Hospital. In addition to English, Dr. Oliver's practice supports these languages: Tagalog, Arabic, Italian, Russian, Spanish and French.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He said that about 85 percent of patients will recover from plantar fasciitis with sufficient rest and standard treatment. However, the remaining 15 percent are so-called \"problem patients\" for whom typical treatments fail to provide relief.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She is a staff physician at Harvard Vanguard Medical Associates and a Professor of Population Medicine at Harvard Medical School/Harvard Pilgrim Health Care Institute. She provides consultation to patients at the Brigham and Women Hospital, a major Harvard teaching hospital.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He has years experience and delivers the best results. Some of the procedures offered here include eye bag removal, brow lift surgery, droopy eyelids correction, eyelid tightening and more. Consult with the doctor to know the benefits of the procedures.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She is board-certified by the American Association of Neurological Surgeons and the American Board of Pediatric Neurosurgeons. Dr. Wehby earned her medical degree from Baylor College of Medicine, completed her neurosurgery residency at UCLA Medical Center and was awarded a neurosurgery fellowship at Primary Children's Medical Center. Dr. Wehby won the Congressional Medal of Distinction for improving children's health and previously served as medical director of pediatric neurosurgery at The Children's Hospital at Legacy Emanuel.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He is someone who is deeply passionate about animal welfare and care. Colin qualified from Liverpool University and has worked at various practices during his career. Colin also works with Boehringer Ingelheim who are passionate about animal welfare.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She has been practicing for 22 years. Dr. Bukata is affiliated with UCLA Medical Center, Santa Monica and Ronald Reagan UCLA Medical Center. Among her primary interests are bone cancer treatment, joint cancer, limb salvage, metabolic bone disease, muscle cancer, osteoporosis and clinical trials.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Hagan graduated from University of Michigan Medical School in 1988 and has been in practice for 30 years. He completed a residency at Fairview General Hospital. He currently practices at Mid Michigan Surgeons PC and is affiliated with McLaren Greater Lansing, Sparrow Hospital and Sparrow Hospital St Lawrence. Dr. Hagan accepts multiple insurance plans including TRICARE, Aetna and Blue Cross Blue Shield of Michigan. Dr. Hagan also practices at Sparrow Cardiovascular & Thoracic Surgery in Lansing, MI.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Throughout his 28-year career, he has achieved a reputation as a physician whose extensive training and experience in cosmetic and reconstructive procedures transforms the way people feel about their inner and outer beauty. Women and men visit this dedicated plastic surgeon from Detroit, Troy, and surrounding communities for his exceptional results and caring personality.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He currently has two board certifications, one with the American Board of Facial Plastic and Reconstructive Surgery, and the other with the American Board of Plastic Surgery. He received his education from Harvard and Johns Hopkins University. Mark Mofid values [\u2026]", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She practices in Birmingham, Alabama and has the professional credentials of MD. The NPI Number for Barri J Fessler is 1164466835 and she holds a License No. 22450 (Alabama).", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Dr. Rosen graduated from Baylor College of Medicine in 1978 and has been in practice for 40 years. He completed a residency at Mount Sinai Hospital. He currently practices at Dartmouth Medical Center and is affiliated with Dartmouth Hitchcock Medical Center. Dr. Rosen accepts multiple insurance plans including Aetna, Harvard Pilgrim and Tufts Health Plan. In addition to English, Dr. Rosen's practice supports these languages: Vietnamese, Spanish, Russian, Polish, French, German and Tagalog.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He is affiliated with multiple hospitals in the area, including Baptist Hospital of Miami and Coral Gables Hospital. He received his medical degree from Albany Medical College and has been in practice for more than 20 years. He is one of 69 doctors at Baptist Hospital of Miami and one of 17 at Coral Gables Hospital who specialize in Plastic Surgery.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " His practice, Performance Orthopedics, is located in Bingham Farms. Guettler is active in teaching and research at Beaumont Hospital and Oakland University and is the team doctor of the Oakland University men\u2019s and women\u2019s basketball teams.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Pober graduated from Harvard Medical School in 1979 and has been in practice for 38 years. He completed a residency at Ny and Presbyterian Hospital Westchester. Dr. Pober also specializes in Surgery. He currently practices at Alan J Tuchman MD and is affiliated with Mount Sinai St Luke's Hospital and Mount Sinai West. Dr. Pober also practices at Joseph Michael Pober MD in Ridgewood, NJ. In addition to English, Dr. Pober's practice supports this language: Spanish.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " A central Ohio native, Dr. Angelos attended Upper Arlington High School and Wright State University School of Medicine and performed his plastic surgery residency at The Ohio State University. As well as providing face, breast and body plastic and reconstructive procedures, he specializes in body contouring procedures following weight loss.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He completed a residency at University of Chicago. Dr. Pariser accepts multiple insurance plans including HAP, PriorityHealth and UnitedHealthcare. Dr. Pariser also practices at University of Chicago Hospital Hematology Oncology in Chicago, IL.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He is the Chief of Urologic Oncology. He is an Associate Professor of Urology at Harvard Medical School. His expertise is in laparoscopic and robotic surgery for prostate cancer, kidney cancer, and reconstruction of the urinary tract. He is an expert in rare malignancies of the genito-urinary organs.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " His practice involves a customized approach to each individual patient to help maximize quality of life and musculoskeletal health. He incorporates innovative procedures, newer and less invasive surgical techniques, and biologic healing agents into his practice.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He's friendly, open, and, according to all reports, the kind of doctor who makes his patients feel cared about. How do the nice doctors like him stay that way? \"The nice ones were born that way,\" he replies. \"Why people who are not nice are in medicine is the question--why they're allowed to go into it, why they're encouraged by their teachers.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She practices in Seattle, Washington and has the professional credentials of . The NPI Number for Teresa Massagli is 1457432718 and she holds a License No. MD00022849 (Washington).", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Peter completed his Post Graduate training in some of the busiest and most prestigious hospitals in Australia and overseas with appointments in Newcastle UK, Cambridge and Lithuania.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Colby graduated from Columbia University College of Physicians & Surgeons in 2002 and has been in practice for 11 years. He currently practices at UCLA Neurosurgery and is affiliated with Ronald Reagan UCLA Medical Center and UCLA Medical Center Santa Monica. Dr. Colby accepts multiple insurance plans including Aetna, Medicare and Humana.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " In addition to family medicine, Sarah is certified in Graston, an injury treatment popular among athletes, and is the in-house medical (and stretching!) resource for Oiselle athletes. After a collegiate and post-collegiate running career followed by 17 years of sedentary ways due to injury, Sarah is enjoying training to improve her masters PRs while maximizing physical and mental health.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Dr. Rosen graduated from New York University School of Medicine in 1994 and has been in practice for 23 years. He currently practices at West Virginia University and is affiliated with Ohio Valley Medical Center and WVU Healthcare Ruby Memorial Hospital. Dr. Rosen accepts multiple insurance plans including Aetna, Medicare and Humana. Dr. Rosen also practices at WVU School of Medicine Radiology in Morgantown, WV. In addition to English, Dr. Rosen's practice supports these languages: Korean, Arabic, French and Spanish.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He has served on the faculties of both the University of Washington and the University of Tennessee, and in 1992 was recruited by the prestigious Swedish Medical Center to develop a neuroscience institute. Leveraging a love for thrillers since the early 70\u2019s, Wyler devoted himself to fiction writing in earnest, eventually serving as Vice President of theInternational Thriller Writers organization for several years. After publishing his first two medical thrillers Deadly Errors (2005) and Dead Head(2007), he officially retired from medicine to devote himself to writing full time. He and his wife, Lily, divide their time between Seattle and the San Juan Islands. Find out more at his website www.allenwyler.com", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She sees gynecology and infertility patients at both the Honolulu and Kailua locations. Tricia is able to see a multitude of infertility and gynecologic patients including annual examinations, birth control consultations, menopausal complaints, breast issues, and many other female related problems. Tricia has a history of working in Obstetrics and Gynecology while specializing in Urogynecology from 2008 to 2011 at Geisinger Health System in Pennsylvania.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He is a member of the SLUCare Physician Group. He is certified by the American Board of Orthopedic Surgery in Orthopedic Surgery. He is also an Assistant Professor of Orthopedic Trauma Surgery at Saint Louis University School of Medicine.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He was not successful in this because of the difficulty of connecting spinal cord. But, he has suggested improvements in the process using polyethylene glycol and special blade. Polyethylene is a polymer which can help start growth in the spinal cord nerves.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " His practice specialises in minimally invasive and advanced techniques for the treatment of arthritis, instability, rotator cuff tear, fracture and other less common shoulder and elbow disorders.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " The Neurosurgeon in Mumbai has an experience of 36 years in this field. After completing his basic medical study, Dr. Rajan Shah Neurosurgeon underwent various training to do specialization in the brain, spine, and peripheral nervous system surgery. the Best Neurosurgeon in India has always strived to discover advanced methodologies for the treatment since he has been in this field for an extensive number of years. Due to his focused interest, the Top Neurosurgeon in Mumbai discovered more accurate and less invasive ways of surgery.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She earned her MD degree at Louisiana State University School of Medicine \u2013 New Orleans and did her pediatrics residency and critical care fellowship training at Seattle Children\u2019s Hospital. She is interested in epidemiology and outcomes research. She serves on the Scientific Review Committee for the Pediatric Clinical Research Center at Seattle Children\u2019s.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Aside from his general family medicine clinic, he serves as one of the providers for the Santa Paula Pride Clinic which serves LGBT patients in Ventura County. Outside of medicine, Jake enjoys finding ways to participate in the movement for social and economic justice on all levels, from local to international. He also loves hanging out with his partner Nicole (an Episcopal priest) and his daughter Ana\u00efs.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Currently, he is the Medical Director of the Human Reproduction Center (CER). He has participated in several courses in Guatemala and in the United States, dealing with topics such as maternal fetal medicine, reproductive endocrinology and genetic diagnosis of pre-implantation. He has published several articles. He is a member of the Guatemalan Doctors and Surgeons Association, as well as the Guatemalan Gynecology and Obstetrics Association, the Guatemalan Association for Fertility and Human Reproduction, and the American Society of Reproductive Medicine, among others.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Practising at the London Neurosurgery Partnership and King's College Hospital, where he serves as clinical lead. He is also lead for neurovascular surgery, specialising in vascular problems of the brain and spinal cord as well as spinal problems that cause sciatica, arm pain and back pain. In 2006 he became the first surgeon in Britain to carry out a non-occlusive cerebral vascular bypass operation, his team re-routed the blood su... Top Doctors", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Prior to becoming a physician, Dr. Williams was an aeronautical engineer in the U.S. Air Force. He earned his MD from the University of South Florida. Since then, he has trained and worked at Harvard, Emory, and UT Southwestern Medical Center. He is an accomplished physician and highly sought after public speaker. Dr. Williams\u2019s passion is social justice and equality.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He began painting in oil and had some early coaching by Durango artist Mike Desatnick. In 1999, he took a workshop with Albert Handell in Taos, and became interested in pastel as a medium. He works primarily outside, en plein air, but also continues studio work, particularly in figure painting and portraiture. Most of his landscape paintings are completed in pastel or oil on site and often the field studies are used for larger studio paintings. Don has studied at the Scottsdale Artists School with Leslie B DeMille and Matt Smith. He has also attended workshops in portraiture and landscape painting from New York City to California. He has spent many hours painting outdoors with former Durangoans, Connie Morse and Dave Sime.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Eu Kong Weng practices at Colorectal Surgeons, Inc. (Pte. Ltd.) in Novena, Singapore. He completed MBBS from National University of Singapore, Singapore in 1986,FRCS - General Surgery from Royal College of Surgeons of Edinburgh (RCSE), U.K in 1991 and M Med (Gen Surg) from National University of Singapore, Singapore in 1991. Some of the services provided by the doctor are: Endoscopy,Robotic Surgery,Injection Treatment,Laparoscopic Surgery and Transanal Haemorrhoidal Dearterialization etc.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " His plastic surgery certification is from The American Board of Plastic Surgery, Inc. He completed his plastic surgery residency at the Brown University Integrated Program In Plastic Surgery , in Providence, Rhode Island, at the Rhode Island Hospital. Dr. Brown, was invited into that plastic surgery program taking an accelerated track position while a general surgery resident. His general surgery prerequisite training experiences were also at the Brown University School of Medicine\u2019s affiliate hospitals, Harvard University Medical School\u2019s affiliate hospitals, and the University of Texas Medical School\u2019s affiliate hospitals. He graduated from medical school at the University of Miami School of Medicine.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He received his medical degree from Medical College of Wisconsin and has been in practice for more than 20 years. He is one of 13 doctors at Lowell General Hospital who specialize in Orthopedic Surgery.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He practices in Apo, Armed Forces Europe and has the professional credentials of M.D.. The NPI Number for Dr. Joshua Charles Combs is 1780824599 and he holds a License No. 25946 (Nebraska).", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He specialises in spine conditions, such as lower back pain, scoliosis, slipped disc, sciatica (numbness from lower back to legs), spinal stenosis (narrowing of spinal canal) and ankylosing spondylitis (inflammation of spinal joints). He performs major spine surgery, such as scoliosis correction, correction of a hunchback and spine tumour surgery.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He specialises in treating colorectal diseases and has a strong interest in minimally invasive colorectal surgery, advanced therapeutic endoscopy, such as gastroscopy and colonoscopy, and anal diseases like piles and abscesses.Dr Ho regularly performs minimally invasive or keyhole large intestine and rectum surgeries. He has also progressed to perform numerous single keyhole surgeries. He is one of the few surgeons in Singapore accredited to do robotic colorectal surgery.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He is an Associate Professor of Medicine at National College of Naturopathic Medicine where he teaches Clinical Urology, Geriatric Medicine and Clinical Pathology.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Additionally, she is a prolific writer and editor of medical educational content. Dr. Fisher-Corn received a Bachelor of Science in Engineering from Duke University School of Engineering and a Medical Degree from Mount Sinai School of Medicine. She completed an internship in internal medicine at Mount Sinai Hospital and then an anesthesiology residency and fellowship at Brigham and Women\u2019s Hospital, Harvard Medical School. Dr. Fisher-Corn was then selected to be an attending physician at Women & Infants Hospital, Brown University Medical School.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " She practices in Apo, Armed Forces Europe and has the professional credentials of MD. The NPI Number for Carole Ann Simpson is 1063480648 and she holds a License No. 34717 (Georgia).", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " During her years as a PA student, she was instrumental in establishing a global health rotation in the Philippines for PA students and also presented her master\u2019s work at the AAPA conference in Washington, D.C. She has always had a passion for helping people reach their peak health potential, and she found her calling as a team member at Endocrinology Consultants, where she loves teaching people how to make lasting changes in order to achieve better health. In her free time, Natasha also continues to guest lecture on endocrinology topics for the physician assistant students at Seton Hall University.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He graduated from Princeton University and University of Pittsburgh School of Medicine. He completed his orthopaedic surgery residency and a hand surgery fellowship at Tufts University/New England Medical Center. Dr. Austin has been on the staff of both Roger Williams and Fatima since 1987. He previously served as Chief at Fatima and has been taking emergency calls for patients needing hand surgery at one CharterCARE hospital or the other for more than 25 years. He currently serves as President of the Rhode Island Orthopaedic Society.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She believes that all patients should receive superb care and prides herself in individualized care, spending time understanding each clients\u2019 unique needs and ensuring that the goals of care are understood. She is a Board Certified Internal Medicine physician who received her undergraduate training from the University of the West Indies, her residency training from Howard University Hospital in Washington D.C. and who has been in practice for several years.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He read medicine at the University of Wales and undertook his general surgical training in London at internationally renowned centres of excellence during which time he obtained his Membership of the Royal College of Surgeons of England.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He specialises in colorectal surgery, endoscopy and proctology. His subspecialties include minimally invasive and robotic colorectal surgery, advanced endoscopy and new techniques in piles and anal fistula surgery.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He is a professor of Neurosurgery in the biggest academic neurosurgical department in Tunisia. His particular expertise is in performing specialized surgeries for complex tumors located in highly functioning areas of the brain. Dr. Karim has developed his practice by attending many workshops and trainings in USA, Austria, France, Netherlands, Finland, UK, Italy, Spain\u2026. Dr Ben Hamouda has many peer reviewed publications in American and European neurosurgery journals.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She graduated from Meharry Medical College in Tennessee in 1985. Dr. Pitts completed her residency in emergency medicine in 1988 at Howard University Hospital in Washington D.C..", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He graduated from Georgetown University Medical School in 1991 and completed an orthopaedic surgery residency at Tripler Army Medical Center in 2001. He spent time as a general medical officer in Germany and completed three years in a general surgery residency before pursuing orthopaedic surgery. After finishing his commitment to the U.S. Army, he completed the Harvard Hand and Upper Extremity Fellowship at Massachusetts General Hospital in Boston in 2004. He and his wife moved to Oahu in 2005.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Packer specializes in sports medicine and is a Team Physician with the University of Maryland Terrapins. Below he answers common questions about sports injuries.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " During his career, he has helped numerous people with various medical issues. Many people who utilize plastic surgery merely want to look younger. However, there are many clinical applications of plastic surgery as well. Anyone who wants to improve their looks should consider working with Dr. Sameer Jejurikar.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He has more than 12 years of experience working in several hospitals in India and United Arab Emirates including Sri Sathya Sai Institute of Higher Medical Science and at Apollo Hospital as a consultant neurosurgeon and he was responsible for the training of the neurosurgeons. Moreover, he performed more than 2500 surgeries.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " His main areas of neurosurgical expertise include surgery for hydrocephalus including shunt surgery and complex neuroendoscopy. His adult neurosurgical practice includes surgery for adult hydrocephalus and surgery for degenerative spinal disease. He also has substantial experience in day case lumbar microdiscectomy, lumber microdiscectomy, lumber decompression surgery and revision microdiscectomy surgery.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He is an expert of Arm Lift, Breast Augmentation, Facelift, Tummy Tuck, Liposuction and other related surgical procedures of body shaping. He completed his Medical School at the University of Arizona. He is well-known surgeon of cosmetic, reconstructive and hand. Every procedure is taken place under his supervision.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He also is founder and medical director for a DeNova Research. Dr. Dayan is board certified in otolaryngology and a member of the American Academy of Facial Plastic and Reconstructive Surgery. He is also a clinical assistant professor at the University of Illinois, and participates in laboratory and clinical research in minimally invasive medical procedures and plastic surgery. He serves on the editorial board of the Facial Plastic Surgery Journal and has written and published extensively in the field. A graduate of Washington University in St. Louis, Dr. Dayan attended the University of Illinois Medical School. He completed a residency at the University of Illinois and a facial plastic surgery fellowship.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " In practice since 1984, he relocated to Naples from Westport and Greenwich, CT, after being selected by one of the senior Naples plastic surgeons to take over his practice. Following undergraduate studies at Union College and the Swiss Federal Institute of Technology, Dr. Gulin obtained a Masters Degree in chemistry from the University of California, Berkeley. He spent several years in medical research at Harvard Medical School and its affiliate hospital prior to receiving his medical degree from New York Medical College. Dr. Gulin completed a full five year general surgery training program at Tufts New England Medical Center in Boston, rising to the position of chief resident.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " A number of IAS members have visited him and have posted almost all favorable experiences with Dr. Semertzides both as a caring surgeon and as one that has helped many.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He is in private practice as an American Board of Plastic Surgery Certified Plastic Surgeon & member of the American Society of Plastic Surgeons in Beverly Hills, California specializing in cosmetic plastic & reconstructive surgery.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She practices in Aurora, Missouri and has the professional credentials of PA-C. The NPI Number for Ms. Maria Minnaar Bailey is 1003975293 and she holds a License No. 2011024750 (Missouri).", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He subspecialises in intensive care medicine and treats respiratory disorders, such as chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD), sleep apnoea, bronchitis, wheezing, asthma, shortness of breath and lung cancer.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " She practices in Concord, New Hampshire and has the professional credentials of PA. The NPI Number for Denise A Hanley is 1184643975 and she holds a License No. 0113 (New Hampshire).", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " She is a Member of the American Academy of Family Physicians. Dr. Jo received her undergraduate degree from The Ohio State University and her Medical degree from Northwestern University Medical School (now known as the Feinberg School of Medicine) in Chicago, IL. She completed her residency in Family Medicine at the Hinsdale Family Practice Residence Program in Hinsdale, IL.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Dr. Huang Zhixiong practices at The Visiting Vets in Tanglin, Singapore. He completed B.V.Sc & A.H from University Of Melbourne in 2009. Some of the services provided by the doctor are: Preventative,X- Ray ,Dental,Ultrasound and Wellness etc.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " His unique and extensive plastic and reconstructive surgery training allows Dr. Toledo to provide excellent surgical results particularly for his facial plastic surgery patients, including those seeking cosmetic ear surgery. Ear surgery, also known as otoplasty, can alter the size of the ears, correct deformities and set protruding ears back closer to the head. Dr. Toledo and his staff understand the embarrassment and discomfort both children and adults with prominent ears can experience and is proud to perform this cosmetic procedure to help patients feel confident. Learn more about cosmetic ear surgery below and contact Dr. Toledo today at 214-363-4444 to schedule a consultation.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He received his M.D Degree from University College London University (1985), and his PhD Degree in molecular biology from London university (1993). He received several clinical and research awards. He has been an invited speaker in several national and international conferences on cancer. He is a member of several national and international societies, organization and foundation of cancer and women health . He is an editor, member of editorial boards and reviewer of several medical journals of Oncology, Gynecology and Gynecological Cancers. He has published 74 articles. He is an editor of a book on ovarian cancer.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Renowned for his micro-neurosurgical techniques, Ramin Rak has spoken about his techniques at nearly 20 medical conferences. Additionally, Ramin Rak has authored dozens of journal articles detailing his techniques. One of the ways that Ramin Rak stays up-to-date on the latest neurosurgical breakthroughs is by maintaining membership in the following organizations:", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She practices in Birmingham, Alabama and has the professional credentials of MD. The NPI Number for Keneshia M Kirksey is 1023147873 and she holds a License No. 28061 (Alabama).", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Practicing from his Denver Tech Center location; Dr. Lee incorporates his comprehensive plastic surgery training and years of experience into every procedure. He strives to provide each and every one of his Denver plastic surgery patients with the top-notch, remarkable results they expect from a nationally renowned plastic surgeon.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He has particular interest in sports related spinal injuries and has treated professional athletes from around the world, including serving for three years as the official spine surgeon for the Chicago Bears.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Anwar graduated from Jefferson Medical College at Thomas Jefferson University in 1995 and has been in practice for 23 years. He currently practices at Franciscan Center for Wieght Management and is affiliated with St Francis Hospital. Dr. Anwar accepts multiple insurance plans including Aetna, Medicare and PacifiCare (UnitedHealthcare).", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Following Naturopathic philosophy, she looks for the root cause, rather than just treating symptoms. Dr. Munro prescribes dietary and lifestyle changes, nutritional supplements, herbs, and other natural therapies. Nature\u2019s Helper Medical Clinic 178 Mountain Road, Suffield, CT (860) 758-7808 www.NaturesHelperMedical.com.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Dr. Austin graduated from University of Maryland School of Medicine in 1970 and has been in practice for 48 years. He completed a residency at Medical College of Virginia Hospital. He currently practices at George L Austin MD and is affiliated with Excela Health Westmoreland Hospital. Dr. Austin accepts multiple insurance plans including Aetna, Medicare and Humana. Dr. Austin also practices at Excela Health Westmoreland Hospital in Greensburg, PA.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He received his B.S. in physics from Denison University and his M.D. from the University of Illinois School of Medicine. Following five years of private practice, in 1982 Dr. Swenson accepted a teaching position as Associate Clinical Professor within the University of Wisconsin Medical School system where he taught for fifteen years.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Based in San Diego, he has worked with the top plastic surgeons with medical training at Harvard and Johns Hopkins University. He is also known for rigorous adherence to medical safety practices to ensure the safety of his patients.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She received her undergraduate degree from Salem College and graduated with academic distinction from Wake Forest University School of Medicine Physician Assistant Program. Ms. White is certified by the National Commission of Certification of Physician Assistants. She joined the practice in 2002 and treats all diseases of the skin with a special interest in Dermatology Surgery.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He graduated from Baylor College of Medicine in 1979 and completed his residency at University of Michigan Hospitals & Health Center\u2019s general surgery in 1982. His subsequent fellowships took Dr. Rohrich to top-rated plastic surgery centers across the United States.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " With over ten years experience, she began her career in sports medicine, where she honed her interest and speciality in use of regenerative techniques for both pain management and healing of injury. Her interest in aesthetics grew from this practice as numerous positive outcomes in her patient population, coupled with the high safety profile of these treatments, lead her to expand her services to meet the ever growing demands of her patients for aesthetic procedures.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Dr. Wee Siew Bock practices at Wee Breast & General Surgery Pte Ltd in Orchard, Singapore. He completed MBBS from NUS-Singapore in 1985,FRCS - General Surgery from Royal College of Surgeons of Edinburgh (RCSE), U.K in 1990 and M Med (Gen Surg) from NUS-Singapore in 1990. Some of the services provided by the doctor are: Laparoscopic Surgery,Lumbar Puncture,Endoscopy,Endocrine Surgery and Breast Surgery etc.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Greeley graduated from College of Medicine & Dentistry of New Jersey (NJCMD) in 1992 and has been in practice for 25 years. He completed a residency at New York Presbyterian Hospital. Dr. Greeley also specializes in Thoracic Surgery (Cardiothoracic Vascular) and Vascular Surgery. He currently practices at Mid Atlantic Surgical Associates and is affiliated with Jersey Shore University Medical Center, Morristown Memorial Hospital and Overlook Hospital. Dr. Greeley accepts multiple insurance plans including Aetna, QualCare and Medicare. Dr. Greeley also practices at Jersey Shore University Medical Center in Neptune, NJ.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He graduated from Bombay Veterinary College in 1998. He started his career as a house surgeon for Dr. Chousalkar in 1999 and has been associated with Top Dog Pets Clinic ever since.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Peter Grossman has served on the Board of Directors for 22 Rye Ridge Plaza Rye Brook (Nose Reshaping Nose Job Nose Surgery) Before and Watch videos with detailed information about Dr. 269 Answers from Wayne Facial Plastic Surgeon Jeffrey B. JEROME EDELSTEIN MD FRCSC Plastic Surgeon Head of the Maxwell Maltz American Plastic Surgeon def. Includes Ear Nose & Throat Associates-Head and Nck Surgeons Find Ear Nose & Throat Associates-Head and 555 Doctor Michael Debakey Dr Lake Charles LA \u2013 Plastic Dr Joseph D Alkon; Elizabeth; Doctors in Great Neck (NY) Gold Dr. He is board certified by the American Board of Plastic Surgery a Fellow of the American College of Surgeons and a member of the American Society of Plastic Surgeons.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Hugo graduated from University of Cape Town Faculty of Health Sciences in 1970 and has been in practice for 47 years. He completed a residency at University of Pittsburgh Medical Center. He currently practices at Ben Hugo MD PC and is affiliated with Sentara Virginia Beach General Hospital.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He practices at Max Smart Super-speciality Hospital in Saket, South Delhi. He also has more than 10 years of international work experience. He has also worked in few hospitals like Pilgrim Hospital at Boston, Lincoln County Hospital and in Nottinghamshire.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She is a member of the Board of Governors of Opportunity International, a nonprofit providing micro finance to empower people around the world. She has been a past volunteer at MedAssist, a free pharmacy serving the poor and uninsured.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " She is also an astronaut preparing for two crucial space missions. When they take off, she will be only the third woman of Indian origin, after Kalpana Chawla and Sunita Williams, to fly to space.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " She is a speaker at patient-directed conferences for the Parkinson\u2019s Society of Canada and is a resource for education projects. She serves on the Patient Council of The Michael J. Fox foundation for Parkinson\u2019s Research and is an advisor to The Brian Grant Foundation. More from Soania Mathur.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He has advanced training in both arthroscopic and open treatments of the upper extremity. While born in Russia, Dr. Isaac moved to the United States and was raised in Queens, NY.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She was very active in the executive of the Vasco da Gama Movement for young doctors as well as EURIPA until last October\u2019s conference in Istanbul where she stepped down from both positions.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He specializes in cosmetic and reconstructive surgery. Dr. Lucero is mainly affiliated with the Beverly Hills Medical Group which is located in Makati City, Philippines.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " His title however, extends to scientist and entrepreneur in the same field of practice. As an oral and maxillofacial surgeon his occupation charges him with the role of diagnosis and treatment of facial and oral disorders.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She also has had specialized training in applied epidemiology and public health practice through the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention's Epidemic Intelligence Service Program.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He is never far from his 16 oz. Vacuum cup \u2013 which is not touched for 45 minutes after any food, and is NEVER allowed to hold any calories! He is a member of the OAC National Board of Directors and tweets @bonuslife.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " As a naturopath, her philosophy is to use the least invasive and effective method to bring balance to the body and restore health. Her areas of focus include Allergies, Environmental Medicine and Chemical Sensitivities, Homeopathy and Herbal Medicine, and Heavy Metal Detoxification. She was recently featured in Natural Awakenings magazine for an article on Helping to Solve the Mystery of Food Allergies.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Working with Dr. Rae Ringenberg, her clinical specialties include depression, anxiety, weight loss, skin cancer screening and well-woman exams. The practice provides compassionate care for patients ages two years and older, and has same-day appointments and extended office hours.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He is fellowship director & division chief of Arthroplasty & Joint Reconstruction at the University of Florida in Gainesville. He has longstanding interest and track record in collaborative, patient-centered, evidence-based, value-based and outcomes-based clinical care. Consequently, he is a very strong proponent of regional anesthesia for Orthopaedic surgery.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He's also a professor of business at Duke. He went to India to study their health care system and says the health care market there is fiercely competitive.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Dr. Corbett graduated from Albany Medical College in 1968 and has been in practice for 50 years. He completed a residency at University of Kentucky Medical Center. He currently practices at Commonwealth Orthopaedic Surgeons and is affiliated with Central Baptist Hospital, Saint Joseph Hospital and Shriners Hospitals for Children Medical Center Lexington. Dr. Corbett accepts multiple insurance plans including Medicare, Sagamore Health Network and Cigna.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He has particular expertise in performing endoscopic endonasal surgery for pituitary and skull base lesions. Dr. Aghi earned a medical degree and a doctoral degree in neurosciences from Harvard Medical School and completed his neurosurgery residency at Massachusetts General Hospital.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Originally from Florida, she earned a B.S. in Molecular and Microbiology at the University of Central Florida before heading north to the University of Florida where she completed a dual degree program that resulted in a Master of Physician Assistant Studies and a Doctor of Pharmacy degree. She has practiced as both a PA and a pharmacist, primarily in the areas of endocrinology and internal medicine.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He is a Senior Fellow of the American and British Colleges of Surgeons. In 1992 he left his position as Director and CEO of the Christian Medical college, Ludhiana, Punjab, India to pursue a full-time Church planting ministry in central India. In the year from Pentecost 2009 to Pentecost 2010, tens of thousands underwent a \u2018holy dip\u2019 through their ministry partners.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She completed her Bachelor of Arts in Psychology with honors from Long Island University and her Master of Physician Assistant Studies from Hofstra University in Hempstead, New York. Karine provides a wide range of services, including treatment for cardiac conditions such as atrial fibrillation, hypertension, congestive heart failure and coronary artery disease.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Dr. Maroon is regarded as a premiere specialist in the surgical treatment of injuries and diseases of the brain and spine, specializing in minimally invasive procedures. Consistently listed in America\u2019s Best Doctors for the past 20 years. He has been the team neurosurgeon for the Pittsburgh Steelers since 1982. Dr. Maroon is an expert and consultant in the areas of sports nutrition, concussion management, and brain and spinal problems. He is an internationally competing Ironman triathlete.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She earned her medical degree from the University of South Florida in 2006. Dr. Pulido completed her internship and residency at the University of Miami/Jackson Memorial Hospital.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He is a member of the MedStar Orthopaedic Institute and performs surgery at MedStar Washington Hospital Center and MedStar Georgetown University Hospital. He focuses on the treatment of bone and soft-tissue tumors, both benign and malignant. He is trained in limb-sparing surgery and also has interests in the treatment of metastatic disease to the bone, musculoskeletal infections, and complex limb reconstruction. He treats both children and adults.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He has trained in weight-loss surgery in the United States, Italy and France. In addition to bariatric surgery, his special interests include hernia repair, laparoscopic, robotic and gastrointestinal surgery.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She practices in Anchorage, Alaska and has the professional credentials of MD. The NPI Number for Amalia R Steinberg is 1316109895 and she holds a License No. 5588 (Alaska).", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Professor Crawford is an internationally recognized expert in the field of hip and knee replacement surgery. He performs approximately 150 hip and 150 knee replacements per year, both in public and private practice. He lectures and teaches surgical techniques, both nationally and internationally.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He went on to complete his residencies at the University of Colorado and Brown University in Rhode Island. In addition to his role as a public medical author, he has lectured internationally on cosmetic plastic surgery. Dr. Sullivan is available for interview upon request.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " As a board certified plastic surgeon with a commitment to excellence in care and surgical performance, Dr. Oldham has an impressive 25 years of practice under his belt. During those years, Dr. Oldham has become very knowledgeable about a number of procedures including facelift, breast augmentation, rhinoplasty, blepharoplasty, and especially body contouring like tummy tuck and liposuction. With liposuction in particular, Dr. Oldham is able to help patients whose diets and exercise regimens cannot specifically target areas such as the inner or outer thighs.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He has served the rural population of India and was trained in the revised national tuberculosis control programme. He started his professional career as a registrar in internal medicine at Apollo Hospitals Bangalore in 2006 and in the year 2008 joined Columbia Asia Hospital as a junior consultant in hospital medicine.From 2010 until Dec 2013 was a consultant in Internal Medicine and also served as Deputy Director of Medical Sciences at Yashomati hospitals Bangalore. He is trained in Diabetology from the reputed MV diabetes centre, Chennai.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " In addition, he is a scientific research and development entrepreneur who has spearheaded the advancement of numerous new diagnostic and therapeutic technologies.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He appeared on The Real Housewives of Beverly Hills as his ex-wife was a cast member. He was also on Dr. 90210 before co-hosting Botched with Dr. Terry Dubrow. It has been announced that a spin-off series Botched by Nature is planned for 2016. He is known for his \u201canti-gravity facelift\u201d and his skill as a plastic surgeon which is what led to his media success.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " An Instructor of Medicine at the Harvard Medical School and at the Ragon Institute of MGH, MIT and Harvard, Dr Makadzange is also an Assistant in Medicine at the Massachusetts General Hospital and a lecturer at the University of Zimbabwe College of Health Sciences. She is also a Consultant Physician and the Co-director of the Family Care Centre at the Parirenyatwa Hospital, which is one of the largest public HIV treatment centres for children and adults living with HIV in Zimbabwe.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Dr. Cleary graduated from New York Medical College in 1973 and has been in practice for 44 years. Dr. Cleary also specializes in Surgical Oncology. He currently practices at Joseph B Cleary MD and is affiliated with Westchester Medical Center.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She is involved in teaching medical students, residents and colleagues. She is an Assistant Professor and part-time researcher in the Department of Family and Community Medicine, University of Toronto. Her area of research interest is in postgraduate and continuing education. Dr. Telner has been extensively involved in the development of online clinical modules for primary care providers.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " His primary clinical expertise is in the specialised care of liver cancer, gallbladder and bile duct cancers and pancreatic cancer, gallstones diseases and benign liver, biliary and pancreatic disorders.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " A Southern California native, she completed her undergraduate and medical school training at the University of California, Irvine as well. Her research interests include improving surgical techniques and outcomes. She recently published an article demonstrating a novel approach using a tarsoconjunctival onlay flap to improve paralytic lagophthalmos. As chief resident for her residency program, she has a strong interest in improving resident education.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " She practices in San Diego, California and has the professional credentials of MD. The NPI Number for Dr. Christine A. Thorne is 1003251901 and she holds a License No. A119170 (California).", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He has earlier served at King Edward Medical College and till recently he was Principal of an undergraduate medical college in Lahore. Prof.M. Aslam was Prof. of Physiology at Army Medical College Rawalpindi from where he retired as Principal. Then he joined Shifa College of Medicine as Principal at Islamabad and later assumed the charge of Vice Chancellor when Tameer-e-Millat University was established and Shifa became a constituent college of this university. It may be mentioned here that he was also selected for Vice Chancellorship of UHS when earlier interviews were held and he was one of the candidates who was short listed for this coveted post.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He also has expertise in prevention strategies and identifying risk factors for colorectal cancer in younger patients, as well as outcomes analysis in colorectal surgery. Dr. Stein serves as the director of education and sits on the board of directors of the Susan Cohan Kasdas Foundation, for which he has created many health education programs.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He and his wife have traveled to Iran from Oman for a gastric sleeve surgery for the wife. AriaMedTour company arranged A to Z services for them, and the surgery was performed by Dr. Khalaj.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He is MD from Southern Illinois University School of Medicine and a Resident of Plastic & Reconstructive Surgery. Certified by the American Board of Plastic Surgery, Dr. Diederich is the member of American Society of Plastic Surgeons (ASPS).", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She completed her MD at Mayo Medical School and her residency in Family Medicine at Mayo Clinic Rochester. Her interests include population health, clinical operations and holistic wellness for both patients and employees.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He says the cost for women is roughly $7,500. While many insurers cover the operation, that's not always the case, says Robert Applebaum, MD, the Beverly Hills\u2013based surgeon who performed Prince's breast reduction.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He\u2019s worked with baseball players at all levels up to the major leagues and agrees that most of the gains made by using weighted baseballs can be replicated with other methods of training.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He finished his residency in plastic surgery in 2004, and during that time he got his masters degree in 2003. he is now a plastic surgery specialist at Ministry of Health in Cairo , and he is currently enrolled in a PhD program. and Medical Doctoral in Plastic surgery.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Prof. Nagler earned his DMD from the Hebrew University, Hadassah Ein-Kerem, Jerusalem, Israel, and in the same year completed an MSc degree in Inorganic chemistry. He went on to earn a PhD in Biochemistry in 1996, while completing his residency in that same year, going on to serve as chairman of the professional committee of the Scientific Council for Oral and Maxillofacial Surgery. In 2002 he received an MD degree from the Technion\u2019s Rappaport Faculty of Medicine, and also earned a Master\u2019s in Health Administration from Tel Aviv University.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He runs the much-known East Bay Neurosurgery and Spine Clinic and is an expert in cervical spine disorders. He often follows a non-invasive approach for treating common back and spine problems.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Perona graduated from Loyola University Chicago Stritch School of Medicine in 1989 and has been in practice for 28 years. He completed a residency at Loyola University Medical Center. He currently practices at St Margarets Health and is affiliated with St Margaret's Hospital. Dr. Perona accepts multiple insurance plans including Aetna, Medicare and Blue Cross Blue Shield of Illinois.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Cancer patients and others have been encouraged and comforted, given hope and experienced emotional healing as they listen to her music. Many have described the songs in this CD as soothing, relaxing, beautiful and peaceful. WhiteStone Ministries is a non-profit music ministry which started in Milwaukee, WI where she practiced in Oncology for 12 years before returning to Hawaii in 1998 to continue her work with cancer patients and music. She also sings and plays piano in a healing ministry in Hawaii.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He got his medical degree at The Ohio State University, and then went on to complete his internship and residency at The Ohio State University Wexner Medical Center and completed his fellowship training at the OSU Spinal Cord Injury Research Center. Dr. Mullin is board certified by the American Board of Neurological Surgery, and his special interests include the treatment of aneurysms, brain tumors, head trauma and strokes, among many other issues surrounding brain and spinal cord ailments.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She practices in Anchorage, Alaska and has the professional credentials of M.D.. The NPI Number for Ms. Melanie Kae Mccleave is 1003881517 and she holds a License No. 2984 (Alaska).", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He is MD from the University of Texas and a resident of Plastic Surgery from the same University. Certified by the American Board of Plastic Surgery, he is a member of American Society for Aesthetic Plastic Surgery (ASAPS) and American Society of Plastic Surgeons (ASPS). Dr. P. Schmid has hospital affiliations at Covenant Medical Center, Texas Tech University Medical Center, Grace Hospital and other loyal hospitals.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Desperate for money to pay his sister\u2019s medical bills, he adopts the code name Yong Pal and offers his medical skills to those in need of medical attention but who cannot do so publicly, dealing with gangsters and corrupt plutocrats. It is while making such a house call that Tae Hyeon rescues \u201csleeping beauty\u201d Han Yeo Jin, a chaebol heiress, from a medically induced coma, leading to unintended consequences.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She earned her BS in 1999 from Texas Christian University, she graduated as a Medical Doctor from University of Texas Medical School in 2003. She completed her residency training at Fort Collins Family Medicine Residency in 2006. Her medical practice in Idaho includes care of many infants and new mothers and she is passionate about improving health care worldwide. She and her husband are presently in the process of adopting a child from Ethiopia to join their two biological children.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He also supports other programs and collaborations led by the People\u2019s Association together with A New Vision; to restore sight blinded by cataracts among the most disadvantaged Singaporeans.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He was previously a Visiting Consultant with the National Neuroscience Institute and the Founding Chairman of the National Neuroscience Institute. He received his MBBS (1969) from the University of Singapore and Doctor of Medicine (1985) from the National University of Singapore.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He says PTSD and other mental conditions have been a real problem in the community and among his staff, but treating them is like aiming at a moving target.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He is Doctor Cum Laude, specialist in Laparoscopic Surgery, Colorectal and obesity. Since 2007 he is the Chief of General Surgery and Digestive Diseases Hospital del Sureste in Madrid in Arganda del Rey. He is the author of numerous articles for magazines specialty national and international levels. Top Doctors", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He specializes in body contouring techniques, such as tumescent power assisted liposuction, abdominoplasty, breast augmentation, breast lift, and male breast reduction. He is also an expert in aesthetic surgery of the face, including facelifts, blepharoplasty (eyelid surgery), lip augmentation, rhinoplasty, and chin and cheek implants.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She completed her Degree at Stanford University/Foothill College and earned her Master of Science Degree at Saint Francis University in 2011. Martha is a member of the California Academy of Physician Assistants. She is certified by the National Commission for Certification of Physician Assistant.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He has completed medical mission trips to Jerusalem and The Gaza Strip. He believes in giving back to the world. He has done surgeries for free during these mission trips. The surgeries were often complex, and the children would not have been able to live without them. In his third year as a medical student, Dr. Saad Saad made a trip to Lebanon that changed his life forever. This was the trip that he would take his ECFMG Exam on. Once he passed, he was allowed to study medicine in the United States.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Wurtman, the co-founder of a Boston-based private weight loss center. Dr. Frusztajer studied the epidemiology of hypertension and received her Masters degree in Nutrition from Columbia University where she conducted peer-reviewed published studies on the relationship between nutrient intake and stress. She further specialized in the impact of nutrition and lifestyle on the onset of disease and overall well being by receiving her medical degree from the George Washington University School of Medicine followed by postgraduate training and medical practice in internal medicine and pathology.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " The board certified plastic surgeon and reconstructive specialist works exclusively on the head, face, nose and neck. He is highly regarded for his natural results in the complex area of ultrasound rhinoplasty and is the first rhinoplasty surgeon in the NY area to adopt this revolutionary procedure.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Her clinical interests include non-operative management of hip and knee arthritis, intra-articular knee injections, discussing and educating patients regarding operative management of hip and knee arthritis, and pre-operative and post-operative care for patients undergoing joint replacement.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He is a member of the American Orthopaedic Society for Sports Medicine and has a special interest in arthroscopic reconstruction of knee and shoulder injuries. His goal is to help achieve the earliest possible return to full function through education, prescription of therapeutic exercise, and appropriate surgical intervention when indicated.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He helped found one of the largest private orthopaedic practices in the country. Congressman Price is chairman of the Committee on the Budget in the House of Representatives. He also serves on the House Ways and Means Committee \u2013 including the Subcommittee on Health. Source", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " His surgical practice is devoted exclusively to cosmetic and reconstructive surgery for the face. Dr. Davis is committed to excellence in patient care and providing a natural result for every patient.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " When he gets in an accident and his hands are injured, he feels as if his life is over. His therapist tells him of a guy he knew who couldn't walk but is now walking again. The therapist tells Strange where he can find the man and he tells Strange he did it with his mind, he went to a place called Kamar-Taj and there he was taught how to use his mind to heal himself. Strange goes there to seek the ones who taught him. He finds them and learns that they use mystic arts and they take Strange in, reluctantly and teach him. Strange learns that a former member is planning something and tries to stop him. But he also learns that his teacher is keeping a secret too.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " While working with Reach, she was a medical student at the University of Toronto, particularly interested in social determinants of health such as income and education. She also holds a BSHc from McMaster University, where she specialized in Global Health.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " In his spare time, he has become one of the few individuals from outside Vietnam to be given open access to the files of the Vietnamese People's Air Force (VPAF). He has made numerous visits to Hanoi, and other Vietnamese cities, in the past 20 years, and has interviewed many of the leading aces from the war years. He wrote the hugely successful COM 25 and 29. Jim Laurier is a native of New England, growing up in New Hampshire and Massachusetts. He has been drawing since he could hold a pencil and throughout his life he has worked in many mediums creating artwork on a variety of subjects. He has worked on the Osprey Aviation list since 2000, and in that time he has produced some of the finest artwork seen in these volumes.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He is skilled in mastopexy, abdominoplasty and breast augmentation and performs these procedures with a team spirit. For his medical education, he joined the Duke University where he knew about various Surgical procedures. To continue his study in Plastic Surgery, he joined the University of North Carolina as a Resident of Plastic Surgery. Dr. Hiatt is also the member of American Society for Aesthetic Plastic Surgery (ASAPS), American Society of Plastic Surgeons (ASPS) and Fellow American College of Surgeons (FACS).", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She is from Bethesda, Maryland . She earned her doctorate with honors from Palmer College of Chiropractic, Florida Campus and holds a B.S. in Marketing and Economics from Lehigh University in Pennsylvania. Dr. Doman has worked with a variety of athletes including nearly 100 NFL players. She is the President of the Dade County Chiropractic Society. Dr. Doman lectures at health clubs in South Florida on injury prevention and teaches anatomy in 200 hour yoga teacher training programs.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " When home intruders brutally attack his wife and young daughter, Kersey becomes obsessed with delivering vigilante justice to the perpetrators. As the anonymous slayings grab the media\u2019s attention, the public begins to wonder if the deadly avenger is a guardian angel \u2014 or the Grim Reaper itself.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Working as both a primary care provider and natural medicine specialist, she helps patients of all ages achieve their health care goals. With a focus on treating the underlying cause of disease, and the belief that medicine must address the whole person, Dr. Principe develops individualized treatment plans to address everything from chronic disease to the common cold.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " She is also a member of PAINWeek faculty, and offers these observations on PAINWeek and its particular attention to the needs of the primary care practitioner.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He specializes in hair restoration with the NeoGraft\u00ae automated hair transplantation system while he also offers cosmetic procedures for the breast, body, and face including breast augmentation, liposuction, and facial aesthetics.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He is MD from New Jersey Medical School and a resident of Plastic and Reconstructive Surgery from the University of Medicine And Dentistry of New Jersey. Certified by the American Board of General and Plastic Surgery, Dr. Perez is the member of American Society for Aesthetic Plastic Surgery (ASAPS) and American Society of Plastic Surgeons (ASPS). He has hospital affiliations at Memorial Hospital, University Community Hospital, Tampa Outpatient Surgical Facility and many other loyal hospitals of Florida.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He is board certified in plastic surgery and his clinical interests include rhinoplasty, facelift/neck lifts, all facial surgeries, breast augmentation, body contouring, abdominoplasty and post-bariatric reconstruction.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " His practice specializes in sports medicine and disorders of the shoulder. He is currently accepting new patients in his Lincolnshire office. For more information about reverse total shoulder replacement surgery or to speak to Dr. Neault call (847) 634-1766.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He received his medical degree and completed his doctor of philosophy degree at the University of Cambridge in England and did his residencies in general surgery and plastic and reconstructive surgery at the University of Pittsburgh Medical Center in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. An expert in aesthetic surgery after massive weight loss, Dr. Agha-Mohammadi has published articles in many prestigious journals and is a frequent presenter at major medical meetings.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " His practice, Performance Orthopedics, is located in Bingham Farms. Guettler is active in teaching and research at Beaumont Hospital and the OUWB Medical School.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He\u2019s also involved in successful business ventures and he donates his time to charitable efforts. Dr. Sachedina was born in Tanzania in 1950 and is a graduate of Guy\u2019s Hospital Medical and Dental School in London. He\u2019s been practicing dentistry in England since 1975.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Tareco received her medical degree from Johns Hopkins University School of Medicine. She completed her internship in general surgery at Johns Hopkins Hospital Orthopedic Institute, after which she completed her residency in orthopedic surgery at Johns Hopkins Hospital. Following her residency, she completed a fellowship in orthopedics at the Hospital for Joint Diseases.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He previously served on AmSouth Bank\u2019s Advisory Board of Directors in Tallahassee, and was formerly a director of Regions Bank in Tallahassee. In the early 1980\u2019s, Dr. Rolle played football for the University of Florida, while pursuing his Bachelors of Science degree. In 1990, he received his Doctorate in Medicine from the University of Florida.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " While Dr. Dayan was in school for medicine, he would also take night classes learning sculpture. His experience in replicating the face from an artistic perspective truly has helped him master the symmetry and balance of features that are key in transforming a face. Dr. Dayan\u2019s methods take into account both artistic principles and principles of beauty found in nature.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He qualified in London in 1990 and underwent basic surgical training in London, Stanmore and Canterbury. In 1995, he was appointed to St Mary's Hospital, Paddington as a higher surgical trainee in orthopaedics and trauma. The circuit involved training in Ascot, Harrow, Reading and Stanmore in addition to Central London. In 2001, he spent a year...", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Educated by Harvard University, Mark earned an undergraduate degree (magna cum laude) at the university and then went on to earn his medical degree at Johns Hopkins University, where he would also complete training in both general and plastic surgery and earn an advanced craniofacial research fellowship. In addition, he has written many publications that has been featured in the nationwide popular journal, \u201c Plastic and Reconstructive Surgery\u201d. Throughout Dr. Mark Mofid\u2019s pursuit as a plastic surgeon, one valuable quality that he possesses, which he successfully uses when seeing a patient, is his ability to understand the concerns and goals that are unique to each and every one them and primarily accomplish outstanding results accordingly.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She graduated from the University of California, Berkeley and received her master's degree in physician assistant studies at Midwestern Universitiy in Illinois. Physician Assistants are traned to take care of a variety of diseases under the supervision of a physician. They are required to take a national certification exam every six years and maintain continuing medical education each year. Lisa has experience in family medicine as well as the specialty of allergy and asthma. She speaks Spanish and she strongly believes in patient education and disease prevention. Lisa is married and has two children.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " She holds a Bachelor\u2019s Degree in Economics and Psychology and a Master\u2019s of Medical Science Degree from Emory University\u2019s School of Family and Preventative Medicine. She has also completed additional training in oncology at M.D. Anderson Cancer Center in Houston. She joined the practice in 1999. She is a California native, commercial pilot, and enjoys spending time with her husband, Chuck, daughters, Brittany and Nicolina, and son Dane.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He performs general, trauma, and weight loss surgery at DePaul. Andrew has published research in journals, made national presentations in his field, and helped expand the hospital\u2019s comprehensive weight loss center. He has helped SSM to expend their services to include comprehensive weight loss solutions to include both surgical and non-surgical therapies to treat patients suffering from obesity. Andrew is a member of the American College of Surgeons, the Society of American Gastrointestinal and Endoscopic Surgeons, the American Society for Metabolic and Bariatric Surgery, and a member of the Journey West County Church. He was awarded the First Place for Best Scientific Presentation at the Missouri Chapter of the American College of Surgeons. SSM Health DePaul Hospital is a member of North County Inc.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " A native of Howell, NJ, she is a graduate of Lehigh University where she received her Bachelor of Arts degree in biochemistry with high honors. She is a member of Phi Beta Kappa.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He received his training at UCLA, receiving both his bachelor and dental degrees there. Dr. Yafai also graduated from UC Davis and UC San Francisco, receiving medical and general and oral surgery degrees. His hometown is Los Angeles, and he enjoys computers, photography, racquetball, basketball, and weight lifting in his spare time.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. McKinney earned a bachelor\u2019s degree in Chemistry at East Tennessee State University where he was a Magna Cum Laude graduate. He received his medical degree at James H. Quillen College of Medicine where he graduated with multiple honors.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Reyna began his education in Boston, where he earned his Bachelor\u2019s degree in Biology from Boston College as well as a Master\u2019s degree at Boston University. He then pursued his medical career at The George Washington University School of Medicine in Washington D.C. Dr. Reyna then began his rigorous 8 years of surgical training in Charleston, South Carolina at the prestigious Medical University of South Carolina where he did his residency training in both General Surgery and Plastic Surgery, including one year as Chief Resident in each discipline. Also during this time, Dr. Reyna dedicated one year to academic research, developing several models of plastic surgical procedures which resulted in multiple academic publications, national and international presentations as well as grant awards.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " After operating on and losing a teenaged patient, he runs into Drew Hayden, an undercover vice cop. Connecting over a kid who tried to get out of gang lifestyle and still died, the two men check each other out. When they run into each other at the grocery store, they are more than happy to reconnect and pleased to find that neither of them had read the signals wrong.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Joseph\u2019s Healthcare and is the lead physician for the Transgender Care Program at Quest Community Health Centre in St. Catharines. Dr. Massarella sees and treats transgender identified clients and is a leading expert in transgender care. She is an Assistant Clinical Professor at the Degroote School of Medicine and also lectures widely on transgender health care. Recent appearances include a TEDx, \u201cThe Depathologization of Trans Identity\u201d , TEDx Hamilton \u201cThe False Narrative of Deception\u201d and the CBC doc zone documentary \u201cTransforming Gender\u201d. She was the first transgendered person to be a President of a hospital medical staff anywhere in the world and was named one of the World\u2019s 50 Transgender icons by Huffington Post.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " She works exclusively with Dr. Paul Crowe and sees patients in the clinic and hospital as well as assists in the operating room. In her free time Brianna enjoys hunting, fishing, playing soccer, watching hockey and all other things outdoors. She also enjoys time with friends, family, exploring new restaurants, and traveling.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Michael\u2019s Hospital and a Professor of Surgery at the University of Toronto. He completed General Surgery residency at the University of Copenhagen, and a doctoral degree in Medical Sciences at the University of Aarhus in Denmark. He then completed a fellowship in Minimally Invasive Surgery at the Western Pennsylvania Hospital, Temple University School of Medicine in Pittsburgh, USA.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He evaluates patients with all conditions of the musculoskeletal system. His specialties include hip and knee joint replacement surgery, as well as minimally invasive surgery for sports related injuries. He routinely performs hand surgery for a variety of common hand conditions. Diagnosis and treatment of conditions of the back and neck are also an area of interest. Dr. Cohn has had a life long interest in problem solving. The first of many United States Patents was issued to him when he developed a pediatric restraint system while completing his internship at Loyola University Medical Center. He received a Bachelor of Arts Degree with High Distinction in Anthropology from the University of Illinois [...]", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He is currently completing his radiology residency. He is actively working on the application of AI in healthcare. He has been named a \u201940 under 40\u2032 Healthcare Innovator by MedTech Boston Magazine. He loves working with people in advancing medicine and healthcare delivery. Reach out to him here http://www.ajaykohlimd.com", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Through a mysterious power, Jin Hyuk finds himself transported back in time 150 years. He begins treating people there, but the lack of necessary implements and rudimentary medical knowledge of the period forces him to seek new ways to aid the sick. Through this challenging process, Jin Hyuk eventually becomes a genuine doctor.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Sarah has over 10 years of experience in dermatology, with extensive clinical experience in both general dermatology and Mohs surgery. Sarah specializes in the treatment of acne, eczema, cyst removal, psoriasis and Mohs surgery. Sarah is also very experienced in microdermabrasion treatments and chemical peels. Sarah received her degree in Physician Assistant studies at Touro College in New York. Sarah is a member of the American Academy of Physicians Assistants as well as the Society of Dermatology Physician Assistants.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " A graduate of the University of Valencia, he specialized in Traumatology and Orthopedic Surgery at the Hospital La Fe and also holds a Masters in emergencies for Personal Health. Dr. Palomar also has a master's degree in Emergency and Disaster Health. For months comprised of the CEMTRO Clinic Madrid specialization artrosc\u00f3pita surgery and Endo-Klinic Hamburg prosthetic surgery for knee and hip. Currently it is undergoing consultation in a clinic itself and Hospital 9 October.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Schkrohowsky earned his medical degree from The Johns Hopkins University School of Medicine in Baltimore, Maryland and pursued a fellowship in Sports Traumatology at the SportsClinic Austria in Innsbruck under team physicians for the Austria ski team. He performs knee, shoulder and other orthopedic surgery in Chelan.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Experienced in a wide array of surgical procedures, Dr. Sheridan provides the latest, most advanced treatments. His goal is to offer minimally invasive and natural techniques to help patients see personalized results.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Jodi graduated Summa Cum Laude with a Bachelor of Science from Union University in 2010 and received her Master of Science in Physician Assistant studies from Bethel University in 2014. She has been working in healthcare for over 7 years and as a Dermatology PA for over 2 years. Jodi is licensed by the state of Tennessee as a Physician Assistant and is certified by the National Commission for Certification of Physician Assistants. Jodi\u2019s interest is in general dermatology and is passionate about providing the highest quality of care to her patients.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He has more than 15 years\u2019 experience in adult and paediatric neurosurgical cases, with a special interest in complex hydrocephalus, cerebrospinal fluid disorders and congenital abnormalities.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He is affiliated with Research Medical Center. Dr. Schaper's areas of clinical focus include general orthopedics, sports medicine and joint replacement. He offers more than 30 years of patient care experience and has been recognized as a Healthgrades Honor Roll physician. He is a fellow of the American Academy of Orthopedic Surgeons.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He currently holds the position of Director of the Dept. of General, Minimally Invasive & Bariatric Surgery at QRG Healthcity, Sector 16 Faridabad (Haryana), India.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He received his medical degree from Gda\u0144ski Uniwersytet Medyczny and has been in practice for 36 years. Dr. Kieturakis accepts several types of health insurance, listed below. He is one of 39 doctors at El Camino Hospital who specialize in Surgery.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He and his wife have two children. Dr. Kenneth Bock is an expert on using a variety of alternative medicine approaches to treat individuals who have autism, and he is a leading clinician, author, and conference speaker. Dr. Kenneth Bock is an Autism Light for his leadership in the alternative medical treatment of autism, a lifelong passion that has produced positive results for some individuals in the autism community.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He has a subspecialty interest and expertise in upper extremity reconstruction including joint replacement of the shoulder and elbow; soft tissue procedures to control joint instabilities; surgical treatment of irreparable brachial plexus injury; treatment of chronic disorders of the forearm; and wrist reconstruction.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He uses state-of-the-art, minimally invasive and motion preservation technique to treat conditions of the bones, discs, and nerves of the neck and back.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Looi Mai Leng practices at Fong Acupuncture & Medical Hall in Lakeside, Singapore. She completed BA from Taiwan Tunghai University. Some of the services provided by the her are: Back Pain Physiotherapy,Acupuncture & Tuina for Muscle Injuries,Obstetric and Treatment for Stroke etc.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He directs a private clinic in Manhattan, is on the staff of New York-Presbyterian Hospital, and is an assistant clinical professor of surgery at Weill Cornell Medical College. Dr. Imber is the author of The Youth Corridor and several other beauty books, as well as Genius on the Edge , the biography of pioneering surgeon W. S. Halsted.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Her primary clinical interests include: orthopedic trauma, osteoporosis (bone health) treatment, malunion and nonunion fractures. She focuses on keeping her patients highly informed and involved in their care while focusing on being proactive with preventive medicine. She enjoys taking care of her patients and believes in providing compassionate care. Denise sees patients of all ages and also focuses on the bone health of the aging population.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Dr Seify completed his medical education from the Cairo University with honors in 1992 and pursued his post-graduate training, earning Master's Degree, PhD and subsequently, board certification in plastic surgery. He completed his plastic surgery Fellowship at Emory University in 2005 before furthering his surgical training with a fellowship in Oculoplastic and aesthetic plastic surgery. His areas of expertise are plastic and reconstructive surgeries.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He offers a variety surgical and non-surgical services at Coastal Plastic Surgery in Boston area including breast augmentation and facelift procedures.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He completed his post-medical school training as a Resident of Plastic Surgery at Nassau. Certified by the American Board of Plastic Surgery, he has hospital affiliations at Bridgeport Hospital & St. Vincents\u2019s Medical Center.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She practices yoga daily and posts pictures of her yoga journey on her Instagram page to inspire others to practice. She is a supporter of mental and physical health and hopes to help empower her patients to take charge of their health and see food and physical exercise as medicine.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " She has pursued her aesthetic training with some of the world\u2019s experts in the field and is a member of the American Academy of Cosmetic Surgery. Dr. Anne is one of only 45 physicians worldwide that was \u2018hand-picked\u2019 by renown dermatologist Zein Obagi to be on the faculty board of ZO Skin Health. Highly skilled in all facial injectables, she has also been named to the faculty board of Galderma, and trains physicians nationally in facial injection techniques. Locally, Dr. Anne can be seen Tuesdays on NBC\u2019s Daytime Columbus as a medical consultant discussing what is new and innovative in the aesthetic medicine field.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Widely viewed as the \"father of IMRT\" and a household name in Radiation Oncology, he has a proven track record of taking nascent disruptive technology, in multiple disparate fields, from conceptualization through commercialization.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He has trained with some of the world's finest plastic surgery specialists, and is recognized nationally and internationally as a thought leader in aesthetic surgery.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She enjoys developing relationships with her patients and following them throughout their lives from adolescence to adulthood. She strives to inform patients of their medical and surgical options and helps them to make decisions that best suit their needs.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He is the specialist in Breast Reconstruction and operated many procedures with patients satisfaction. He operates other skin procedures with full dedication and precautions so that no deformity will take place. For his Medical Education, he completed his Medical Education from the University of Oklahoma. He then joined Medical College of Virginia as a Resident of Plastic Surgery and also worked in General Surgical Procedures at the University of Kansas. His certification of American Board of Plastic Surgery confirms his identity as a Plastic Surgeon. Dr. Redman is also the member of American Society for Aesthetic Plastic Surgery (ASAPS) and American Society of Plastic Surgeons (ASPS). He has hospital affiliations at Memorial Regional Hospital, Henrico Doctors Hospital-Parham, The Medical College of Virginia and the hospitals where his patients get proper care which shows his loyalty in Virginia.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She specializes in pediatric trauma of the upper and lower extremities, and lower extremity reconstruction including treatment of limb length discrepancy, congenital and acquired deformities, and care of children with neuromuscular conditions. Dr. Dodwell treats children from birth to 20 years of age, and sees patients with a wide variety of problems including fractures, ligament and tendon injuries, joint dislocations, congenital deformities such as hip dysplasia and clubfoot, cerebral palsy, gait abnormalities, growth disturbances, and disorders such as osteogenesis imperfecta, SCFE, Perthes disease, and skeletal dysplasias.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " After receiving his medical degree from the prestigious University of Michigan, one of the top 25 medical schools in the United States, he began to trailblaze in the field of plastic surgery. As he gained his 21 years of experience, and still continues to get more experience, he was professionally trained in surgery for the face, body, and breasts, noting that he\u2019s passionate about giving his patients the body they\u2019ve always wanted. Upon moving to Dallas, he began his own practice, creating a renowned named for himself in the area as one of the best doctors in the field. In addition to his private practice, Dr. Jejurikar has worked with the Baylor Medical Center, Dallas Day Surgery Center, Forrest Park Medical Center, and the Texas Health Presbyterian Hospital Dallas.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He has particular interests in articular fractures (bone breaks near major joints), injuries to the pelvis and acetabulum, and fracture non-union and mal-union. These interests also motivate his research work outside the operating room.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She has been in private practice since 1998. She has seen many children and adults with ADHD, and feels that while medication can sometimes be helpful, the non-medication strategies outlined in this book are always helpful and may be the most important component of successfully treating ADHD.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He is highly trained in spinal surgery and has been involved in many adult deformity and cervical spine surgeries. Greg Finch renders his services at the Sunshine Coast Private Hospital in Queensland, Australia.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Connect Care is a transformative project; by implementing a common provincial clinical information system, Connect Care will enable consistent practices across Alberta and will improve patient and family care. Dr Enns practices as a family physician and hospitalist at the Peter Lougheed Hospital in Calgary. Dr. Enns has served in diverse leadership positions including Physician Lead of both the Peter Lougheed and the Foothills Medical Center hospitalist programs (first of their kind in Canada). She has lead several QI projects: medication reconciliation, optimization of discharge summaries, ward communications, inpatient glycemic control, reduction of restraint use, and reduction in anti-psychotic and benzodiazepine use in the elderly among others. Dr. Enns brings a deep understanding of front-line clinical work-flows and change management challenges to the Connect Care project team.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Her work began in Calcutta, India, in 1998, when she opened the \"Calcutta Hope Home\" to provide safe refuge for destitute children. In Brazil in 2000, Julie established a ministry for street children and founded \"For the Children International.\" Currently in Mozambique, Africa, Julie is ministering through \"The Dream Project\" to provide care, housing and education for children orphaned by the AIDS epidemic", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He completed his medical training at Georgetown University and residency in orthopaedic surgery at Montefiore Medical Center. He then spent a year as a clinical fellow at Columbia University Medical Center specializing in adult reconstruction. He provided operative treatments and non-operative treatments for hip and knee arthritis, as well as general orthopaedic conditions such as sports injury and geriatric fractures. Dr. Wong is also a voluntary consultant at Charles B. Wang Community Health Center with offices in Manhattan. He is also fluent in both Cantonese and Mandarin.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Past-president of the Soci\u00e9t\u00e9 Vaudoise de M\u00e9decine he is also a former councilor of the City of Lausanne where he served as Director of finances. He is currently a member of the finance commision of the city's parliament. Francis will notably participate in the development of MedLib's, Privamed-Pro project.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She holds an ND degree and MS, APRN . She is board certified in both areas. Her specialties include MTHFR, fertility and treatment of \u201cthe 4As\u201d (asthma, autism, allergies, atopy/eczema). Dr. Becker focuses on primarily treating the pediatric population and their parents. Dr. Becker is adjunct Faculty at 2 prominent universities, where she teaches concussion education to physicians and precepts student Doctors and Nurse Practitioners. Dr Becker lectures all over the country on topics such as autism, the immune system, MTHFR & genetic mutations that have health implications and \u201cKeeping Healing in the Home\u201d Dr Becker is the author of \u201cA Delicious Way to Heal the Gut\u201d and is planning for a second book to be published in early 2018.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Dr. Guenther sees patients from Boston's South Shore and cities such as Cohasset, Scituate, Duxbury, Plymouth, Mashpee, Milton, and Brookline. He performs facelift, rhinoplasty, blepharoplasty, breast augmentation, abdominoplasty (tummy tuck), liposuction and other procedures.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He began his writing career with short stories before embarking on his novel Sayang (1991), A Candle On The Sun (1991) and Moonrise, Sunset (1996). His literary corpus encompasses divergent subjects, from political intrigue and the apotheosis of desire to drug addition and murder mysteries, but this versatility is uniformly tinged by sensuous evocation and an illuminating insight. Nonetheless, he has also been accused of resorting to sensationalism to bait the reader in his uncompromisingly graphic description of sex scenes.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " In addition to his medical endeavors, Dr. Falci started a non- profit organization that provides recreational therapy through adaptive motor sports. Falci Adaptive Motor Sports (FAM) was founded in March 2012 with the mission of putting paralyzed racing enthusiasts on the track. FAM's cars serve as developmental platforms to push the limits and advance adaptive mobility technology.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He\u2019s also an avid Snapchatter, and snapchats his surgeries and professional life on social media under the name Dr. Miami. It\u2019s kind of like a cross between Mr. 305 and DJ Khaled, but perhaps a little less Dale! and a little more nip/tuck.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Jankiewicz graduated from Georgetown University School of Medicine in 1985 and has been in practice for 32 years. He completed a residency at United States Naval Medical Center. He currently practices at Sharp Rees-Stealy Medical Group Orthopedics and is affiliated with Sharp Memorial Hospital. Dr. Jankiewicz accepts multiple insurance plans including Aetna, Medicare and Sharp Health Plan. Dr. Jankiewicz also practices at Sharp Coronado Hospital Emergency in Coronado, CA. In addition to English, Dr. Jankiewicz's practice supports these languages: Spanish and German.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She practices in Apo, Armed Forces Americas and has the professional credentials of PA-C. The NPI Number for Mrs. Kimberly Colleen Kuppenheimer is 1053838367 and she holds a License No. PA0005100 (Colorado).", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He is an expert in anterior approach hip replacements, which spare posterior muscles from being severed, decrease post-operative pain and speed recovery. At the beginning of his college studies he had intended to become an engineer but then a biomedical engineering course captured his attention and led him to orthopedic surgery. Today he utilizes computer modeling of the knee to guide him in properly positioning the implant when performing knee replacement surgery. When appropriate, Dr. Thadani offers knee arthroscopy, a minimally invasive surgical technique. He seeks to restore pain free function of the joints [...]", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She received her bachelor of science from the University of Rhode Island and her master of science from the University of Medicine and Dentistry of New Jersey and Seton Hall Medical University.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He suffers from high blood pressure himself and has a long standing interest in the problem of how to lower high blood pressure. His website also focusses on low blood pressure and gives practical advice on how to buy a blood pressure monitor", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Amy graduated with Honours from Monash University in 2000 and completed physician training in General Medicine at the Alfred and St. Vincent\u2019s Hospitals focussing on general internal medicine, perioperative medicine and cardiology. Amy received her fellowship from The Royal Australian College of Physicians in 2008.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Dr. Vijay, as he is commonly and affectionately known, is very approachable, and truly enjoys plastic surgery and interacting with his patients. Dr. Vijay is very unique in the sense of his great customer care, service and experience. He approaches each client as an individual and takes the time to thoroughly understand their needs and desired results.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Te graduated from Cebu Institute of Medicine in 1977 and has been in practice for 36 years. He completed a residency at Bronx Lebanon Hospital Center. He currently practices at Te Clinic and is affiliated with Memorial Hospital of Texas County. Dr. Te accepts multiple insurance plans including Aetna, CommunityCare and Medicare. Dr. Te also practices at Memorial Hospital Texas County in Guymon, OK. In addition to English, Dr. Te's practice supports these languages: Tagalog and Spanish.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " However, instrument making has always been a passion for him. In 1999; he went to work part-time for a hurdy-gurdy maker, Kurt Reichmann who gave him initial instruction on instrument making. Clemens spent about two years there, and around that time, he discovered various instruments such as crumhorns and bagpipes.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Specializing in value identification, as well as clinical and economic evidence generation, Dr. Latour earned her medical degree and completed courses in Pharmaceutical Medicine and Health Economics. She leads international, strategic discussions with regulatory and reimbursement authorities, and payer bodies, both individually, with country HTA entities (GBA, NICE, TLV, AIFA, HAS), and also through joint scientific council with EMA and HTA entities.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " She practices in Warwick, Rhode Island and has the professional credentials of PA-C. The NPI Number for Ms. Arlene Denise Kavanagh is 1033488218 and she holds a License No. PA00632 (Rhode Island).", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He is also the Director of hip replacement surgery at the Scottsdale Orthopedic Institute, located on the Thompson Peak Campus of Scottsdale Healthcare.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He is the Chief of Robotics and Minimally Invasive Surgery at Lenox Hill Hospital. He treats urological diseases, kidney and bladder cancer. He developed the SMART (Samadi Modified Advanced Robotic Technique) a method that extracts cancerous prostates. He is the chairman of Urology at Lenox Hill Hospital and a Fox News Medical A-Team contributor. He is also a professor of Urology at the Hofstra Northwell School of Medicine.When Dr. David Samadi was a child, he was forced to flee his home because of the Iranian Revolution. The Muslim country wanted all secularists to leave, and he relocated to London with his family. The desire to become a doctor was embedded in him when he was a child. Eventually, he would emigrate to the United States to pursue his dream.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He is a studied at Tulane University Medical School and later certified by the Georgia State Board of Medical Examiners in Surgery and Medicine. He is a member of Entrepreneurs Organization and the chief executive officer of OVME which he founded in 2017. [\u2026]", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Before attending PA school, she lived in Washington, DC for 10 years and worked in government relations specializing in health policy. During her free time she enjoys being outside, especially the beach, with her husband and new baby.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Throughout his training and medical career, Dr. Sukkar has published on a broad range of topics in plastic surgery, both aesthetic and reconstructive. Houston Magazine named Dr. Sukkar as one of Houston\u2019s \u201cTop Docs for Women\u201d in 2005 and 2006. For more information on the Vectra\u00ae 3D Imaging procedure, or to schedule a consultation, call 281.990.8487 or visit Dr. Sukkar\u2019s website at www.drsukkar.com.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " The North Carolina native completed his undergraduate degree at Duke University and earned his medical degree from Drexel University College of Medicine. From there, he completed his orthopaedic residency at the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill and his sports medicine fellowship at Wake Forest University School of Medicine.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Mi\u013c\u010devskis graduated from Latvian Medical Academy, then he expanded his knowledge in Medical Postraduate Education Institute of University of Latvia for 8 years, specialising in general and thoracic surgery.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He has extensive expertise and experience in the field and has mastered the art of plastic surgery. This helps him offer his patients the best results. He is known as a doctor who oozes warmth and sensitivity and a master of his art since it his passion to make people look and feel better.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Having lectured and operated in more than 20 countries, Dr. Harris is considered a foremost plastic surgery expert. For more than 26 years, his expertise and judgment are recognized by thousands of his patients, many who believe they experienced a renewed sense of confidence after his procedures, especially the facelift. Most of Dr. Harris\u2019 facelift patients are referred from previous satisfied patients who appreciate his dedication and common sense approach to their personal facial rejuvenation needs. For many years his fine reputation as a skilled facelift surgeon has drawn patients from all over the United States and around the world. Dr. Harris has performed thousands of facial rejuvenation procedures. His procedures include:", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She joined Family Practice Center and began her career as a physician assistant in 2007. Erin currently sees patients in Loysville, PA. </p> <p><strong>Education:</strong></p> <ul> <li>MS &ndash; Physician Assistant Studies, Arcadia University, Glenside, PA</li> <li>BS &ndash; Health Science/Psychology Minor, Lock Haven University, Lock Haven, PA</li> </ul> <p><strong>Certification: </strong></p> <ul> <li>National Commission on Certification of Physician Assistants (NCCPA)</li> </ul> <p><strong>Professional Affiliation: </strong></p> <ul> <li>American Academy of Physician Assistants</li> </ul>", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He has additional Certification in Surgical Critical Care and has been recognized by the American Society of\u202f Batriatic\u202f Surgeons (ASBS) as a surgeon practicing at a...", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She completed training in internal medicine and served as chief resident at Boston Medical center then came to DFCI/BWH to complete a palliative medicine fellowship where she then stayed on as faculty. Dr. Nabati serves on the Ethics Advisory Committee at DFCI as well as the Ethics Committee at BWH and is also a member of the Ethics Committee for the American Academy of Hospice and Palliative Medicine.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " She returned to work in Perth in early 2013 and is Clinical Lead for the Thoracic Tumour Collaborative of WA. Dr. McWilliams is continuing her interest in early lung cancer detection and is a member of the IASLC Prevention, Screening and Early Detection Committee. She was the inaugural Head of Respiratory Medicine at the new Fiona Stanley Hospital that acts as the comprehensive cancer centre for the southwest region of Western Australia.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He specializes in breast augmentation, liposuction, and CoolSculpting, a non-surgical option for fat reduction treatment. Practicing for over 25 years, Dr. Rappaport also provides non-surgical care such as injectable fillers, Botox, earlobe repair, mole removal, and more. Dr. Rapaport has a long list of credentials, having been the Chief Resident in general surgery at Harvard Medical School and the Chief Resident in plastic sur...", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He specializes in advanced laser technology that enhances the results he creates in nasal, facial, breast, and cosmetic surgery. He graduated from the Chicago Medical School with an MD and is a member of the American Board of Plastic Surgery.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He received his medical degree from Michigan State University College of Human Medicine and has been in practice between 11-20 years. Dr. Hogan accepts several types of health insurance, listed below. He is one of 9 doctors at Franklin Regional Hospital and one of 9 at Lakes Region General Hospital who specialize in Orthopedic Surgery.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He specializes in minimally invasive spine surgery, athletic spine injuries, microsurgery, computer-assisted spinal surgery, and motion preserving procedures. Dr. Cammisa attended Columbia University College of Physicians and Surgeons for his medical degree before going to the Columbia Presbyterian Medical Center for his general surgery residency training. He then went on to the prestigious Hospital for Special Surgery (HSS) for his orthopedic surgery residency training and finally went to the University of Miami, Jackson-Memorial Medical Center for his fellowship training in spinal surgery.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She received her bachelor\u2019s in dietetics from The University of Louisiana at Lafayette and her master\u2019s in physician assistant studies at the University of South Alabama in Mobile.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He is fellowship-trained in sports medicine and arthroscopy at the New England Baptist Hospital in Boston. Dr. Davis specializes in the treatment of shoulder, knee and hip injuries.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " An expert on health, aging, diet, nutrition, and fitness, Dr. Monto is internationally recognized for his pioneering clinical research on orthobiologics and innovative approach to complex medical issues.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He left a successful medical practice in St. Louis to join a team of revolutionaries at the Physicians' Committee for Responsible Medicine in Washington D.C. His story offers hope, inspiration, and insight into how vegan nutrition is gaining attention for treating chronic disease.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Sebastian takes on the appearance of a tall, handsome adult with black hair, red eyes, and pale skin. He ho chunk casino baraboo shuttle dresses in a butler's barraboo, which consists of black trousers, a. Soul Eater is a shonen manga by Atsushi Ohkubo which has been regularly serialized in Monthly Shonen Gangan since 2004.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He has performed thousands of surgical procedures since the inception of his practice in 1989, and was recently named a \"TopDoc\" in plastic surgery by Philadelphia Magazine.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He is MD from the Baylor College of Medicine Houston and a resident of Plastic Surgery from St. Joseph Hospital Dept. of Medical Education. He also worked as a fellow of Hand Surgery at San Francisco. Certified by the American Board of Plastic Surgery, he is a member of American Society of Plastic Surgeons. Dr. Denkler has hospital affiliations at Novato Community Hospital, Novato Community Hospital and Long Hospital San Francisco.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Coury graduated from Eastern Virginia Medical School in 2011 and has been in practice for 7 years. He completed a residency at St Elizabeths Medical Center. Dr. Coury accepts multiple insurance plans including Cigna, UnitedHealthcare and First Health (Coventry Health Care). In addition to English, Dr. Coury's practice supports this language: Spanish.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " His role is to guide and assist the Navika Group of Companies in successfully implementing its plans and policies. Additionally Dr. Kothari also advises the Board on achieving its vision and mission.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Back in 1989, Dr. Lee was selected to form the very first Department of Plastic & Reconstructive Surgery. This department was established at the Queen Elizabeth Hospital (QEH), Kota Kinabalu, Sabah, Malaysia. He was also the person who established the initial Burns Unit at the QEH that acts as the main referral center for severe burns cases in Sabah. 3 years later, in 1989, Dr. Lee commenced his own private practice as the resident plastic surgeon at Sabah Medical Centre (SMC). In 2003 to 2005, he was elected as the Vice President (VP) of the Malaysian Association of Plastic, Aesthetic, and Craniomaxillofacial Surgeons. At present, he continues to be the existing member of the association and constantly discuss issues regarding the usage of genomics for better and safer surgeries.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She practices in Anchorage, Alaska and has the professional credentials of DO. The NPI Number for Marci L Troxell is 1578701033 and she holds a License No. 6399 (Alaska).", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He is MD from the University of Jordan Medical College and a Resident of Plastic and Reconstructive Surgery from Cleveland Clinic Hospital. He also worked as a fellow of Microsurgery from Medical College of Wisconsin. Certified by the The American Board of General and Plastic Surgery, Dr. Alghoul has hospital affiliation at Northwestern Memorial Hospital.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She joined Family Practice Center and began her career as a physician assistant in 2007. Erin currently sees patients in Loysville, PA. </p> <p><strong>Education:</strong></p> <ul> <li>MS &ndash; Physician Assistant Studies, Arcadia University, Glenside", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Originally born in Springfield, MO, Dr. Duey spent seven years between the age of seven and fourteen living in Africa where his parents served as missionaries. This unique experience provided him with valuable insight into what it means to live a life of service to others.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Kroner graduated from Medical College of Wisconsin in 2007 and has been in practice for 10 years. He currently practices at Orthopaedic Associates of Milwaukee SC and is affiliated with Aurora West Allis Medical Center, Columbia St Mary's Hospital Milwaukee and Orthopaedic Hospital of Wisconsin. Dr. Kroner accepts multiple insurance plans including Aetna, Network Health Plan and Common Ground. Dr. Kroner also practices at Froedtert & Medical College of Wisconsin in Milwaukee, WI.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " A graduate of the Mercer University School of Medicine, Dr. Doelling completed her residency in pediatric medicine at the Emory University School of Medicine. Following her residency, Dr. Doelling worked at Egleston Children\u2019s Hospital caring for children with cardiac disease while serving as the medical director of the Cardiac Step-Down Unit. She then worked as a pediatric hospitalist, providing general pediatric inpatient care at Scottish Rite. She has held numerous leadership roles at Children\u2019s Healthcare of Atlanta, serving as the medical director of Inpatient Pediatric Hospital Medicine and the medical director at Scottish Rite.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He practices in Allentown, Pennsylvania and has the professional credentials of MD. The NPI Number for Dr. Kyle A Helwig is 1023012945 and he holds a License No. MD055044L (Pennsylvania).", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He has performed more than 2500 operations for Trigeminal Neuralgia -- Gamma Knife radiosurgery (GKRS), needle rhizotomies (radiofrequency, glycerol or balloon) and microvascular decompression (MVD) -- with excellent results and an extremely low complication rate. His success reflects his philosophy of maximizing pain relief and minimizing complications. He has made a number of technical advances in all the above operations and has incorporated the best and most recent technologic developments. His interest in trigeminal neuralgia is comprehensive and includes diagnosis, medical management and imaging (thin section, high resolution MRI) as well as neurosurgical treatment. He believes in personalized, individualized, skillful and compassionate care.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She is certified by the American Board of Family Medicine and is a member of a number of professional organizations. These include the American Academy of Family Physicians, the American Medical Association, and the Tennessee Academy of Family Physicians. She also speaks English, Hindi, and Telugu.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He graduated from Southern Illinois University School of Medicine. For his residency, Dr. Paul trained at St. Joseph's Hospital and Medical Center, Phoenix. He takes Medicare insurance.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He is double board certified by The American Board of Plastic Surgery and The American Board of Surgery and a Fellow of the American College of Surgeons.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She specializes in several areas, including electrodiagnostic evaluation, chronic pain conditions such as complex regional pain syndrome and fibromyalgia, and management of spasticity associated with neurologic conditions.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Dr. Batac graduated from Tufts University School of Medicine in 2009 and has been in practice for 8 years. He completed a residency at Lahey Clinic. Dr. Batac also practices at Long Island Plastic Surgical Group PC in Garden City, NY. In addition to English, Dr. Batac's practice supports these languages: French, Russian, Italian and Spanish.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She joined Family Practice Center in 2013 and currently sees patients in Valley View, PA.</p> <p>Jillian was born and raised in Wilkes-Barre, PA. She is married&nbsp;and&nbsp;has&nbsp;a pet cat.</p> <p><strong>Education:</strong></p> <ul> <li>MS &ndash; Physician Assistant Studies, King&rsquo;s College, Wilkes-Barre, PA </li> <li>BS &ndash; Medical Studies, King&rsquo;s College, Wilkes-Barre, PA&nbsp;</li> </ul> <p><strong>Certification:</strong></p> <ul> <li>National Commission on Certification of Physician Assistants (NCCPA)</li> </ul>", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Dr. Fuentes-Felix attended undergraduate school at the University of Puerto Rico, transitioned to the University of Guadalajara to earn his medical degree and then performed his plastic surgery residency and post-residency training in New York.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She practices in Cedar Rapids, Iowa and has the professional credentials of PA-C. The NPI Number for Heidi Marie Sandersfeld is 1700884418 and she holds a License No. 001426 (Iowa).", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He is MD from the University of Tennessee and a Resident of Otolaryngology from the University of Tennessee Hospital. He also worked as a resident of Plastic Surgery at The University of North Carolina Hospital. Certified by the The American Board of Otolaryngology and The American Board of Plastic Surgery, Dr. Kreegel is also the member of American Society for Aesthetic Plastic Surgery (ASAPS) and American Society of Plastic Surgeons (ASPS).", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Gary talked about the flawed science on nutrition, convenience, politics and dollars. Plus death by the food pyramid. Gary is asking the hard questions of his profession and is not happy with their answers. He is a man on a mission.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Woods graduated from Temple University Lewis Katz School of Medicine in 1985 and has been in practice for 33 years. He completed a residency at Vanderbilt University Medical Center. Dr. Woods also specializes in Hand Surgery and Surgery. He currently practices at Joseph M Woods IV MD and is affiliated with DeKalb Medical Center. Dr. Woods accepts multiple insurance plans including Medicare, Humana and Cigna.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " After graduating from Harvard, she pursued her medical career in her native Chicago, including fellowship training in Medical Ethics. Her poetry and essays have appeared in numerous publications, including Annals of Internal Medicine, The Lancet, and the Chicago Tribune.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He has earned his medical degree from the University of Cairo in Egypt. After attain his medical degree from Cairo, he spent the years of his internship in England and then finally immigrated to the United States. He completed his years of residency in surgery and specializes in the sector of Pediatric specialist and surgeon. He is a USA certified Pediatric Surgeon.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She practiced family medicine in a community health center in Austin for seven years and urgent care in Iowa City and Austin for the last three.Her medical and activist roots come from her family, who are physicians. They established a free medical clinic in Bryan, Texas and maintained an ethnically and economically diverse family medicine clinic there for 40 years.Amina took the less traveled road to become a family physician. After college, she worked as a union organizer, learned West African dance, and spent a year in India and East and South Africa. Amina found herself drawn to the healing aspects of medicine and went on to pursue her medical degree. She is fluent in Spanish, Gujarati, and English.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " She joined Family Practice Center in 2010 and currently sees patients at&nbsp;FPC's Elysburg location.</p> <p><strong>Education: </strong></p> <ul> <li>BS &ndash; Physician Assistant Studies, Pennsylvania College of Technology, Williamsport, PA </li> </ul> <p><strong>Certification: </strong></p> <ul> <li>National Commission on Certification of Physician Assistants (NCCPA)</li> </ul> <p><strong>Professional Affiliations: </strong></p> <ul> <li>American Academy of Physician Assistants</li> <li>Pennsylvania Society of Physician Assistants</li> </ul>", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Upon obtaining his undergraduate degree from the University of WA in 1979, he received his General Surgical Fellowship from the Australasian College of Surgeons in 1988.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She lived in Idaho for five years and worked there as a doctor. Herwebpage isFinestKind Clinic and Fishmarketand temper tantrums get postedtoPodkayne\u2019s blog. She was alerted to this article by WesternConfusian.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " As Medical Director of The Wellnest, Dr. Kelly both provides visionary guidance to the overall direction of the center as well as oversees the integration of The Wellnest\u2019s services with clients\u2019 medical care. She simultaneously serves as Medical Director of Society Hill Reproductive Medicine, a medical practice she founded specializing in women's endocrine health and infertility. She has served for over 20 years as a practicing physician, surgeon and professor at the University of Pennsylvania, Thomas Jefferson University, and Pennsylvania Hospital. Dr. Kelly has garnered numerous honors including the Consumers Research Councils' America's Top Physician and Philadelphia Magazine's Top Doc and Top Doc for Women.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " She completed both a residency program in adult psychiatry and a fellowship in child and adolescent psychiatry at the University of Maryland and the world-renowned Sheppard Pratt Hospital.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Jeffrey Greenfield as the Chiari CARE Program Coordinator at the Weill Cornell Medicine Brain and Spine Center. Davina holds a BS degree in Neuropsychiatry and Biology from Queens College, where she also conducted research and co-authored a paper about the binding properties of DNA and metal compounds. Davina completed the Physician Assistant program at SUNY Downstate, where she received an academic excellence award for graduating at the top of her class.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Dr. Bechtel is a graduate of Florida State University College of Medicine. He completed his residency at Lehigh Valley Hospital in Allentown, Pennsylvania, and is in the process of completing his board certification. He is also a member of the South Carolina Medical Association.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Faced with the daunting task of raising his two kids, 9-year-old Delia and 15-year-old Ephram by himself, Andrew moves his family from New York to the beautiful Rocky Mountain town of Everwood, Colorado, where he opens a free medical clinic.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He believes some injuries may resolve or be healed without surgery, but rather through rehabilitation, injections, alternative care options and prescriptions. In his free time, Dr. Leetun enjoys golf, woodworking, church activities and exercising.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She received her specialty training in Endodontics from the National University of Singapore. Dr Sim has a special interest in dental traumatology, revascularisation, apexification, non-vital bleaching & cracked teeth management", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She practices in Bremerton, Washington and has the professional credentials of M.D.. The NPI Number for Ms. Sanghee Dorothy Park is 1376611632 and she holds a License No. A97511 (California).", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He is one of 10 surgeons and loves being a part of the team there. The ability to make a difference in the lives of his patients gives him a feeling that he has never felt before. What makes being a\u2026 Read Article \u2192", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Francesca received her master\u2019s from Philadelphia University Physician Assistant Program. Francesca is certified by the National Commission on Certification of Physician Assistants (NCCPA) and is a member of the Society of Dermatology Physician Assistants. Francesca treats patients of all ages and ethnicities in medical, surgical and cosmetic dermatology. Her special interests include pediatric dermatology, acne, skin cancer and natural-enhancing cosmetic procedures.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " She\u2019s just started her first job as an anesthesiologist at Deaconess Hospital in San Francisco, she\u2019s bought a new home, and she\u2019s engaged to be married.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He has helped thousands of women and men from the Washington D.C. area and beyond who want to look their best with nonsurgical medical spa treatments like Thermage\u00ae.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She focuses on metabolic therapies, helping her patients improve metabolism, balance hormones and lose weight. In addition to her training as an ND, Dr Dalili has studied Eating Psychology and Transformational Coaching, which allows her to help emotional eaters change their relationship with food and finally achieve the vibrant health they desire.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He has an alternate personality known as Ian Price that takes over his body every night. While Jason keeps Ian at bay with the help of a powerful pharmaceutical concoction, Jason is starting to find he can no longer control his lethal side, which is starting to grow immune to his serum.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Hyde's expertise is in both open and minimally invasive surgical techniques. Besides performing surgical interventions, Dr. Hyde performs diagnostic and therapeutic injections for varying spinal disorders as part of conservative non-operative spinal care. He is Board Certified by the American Board of Orthopaedic Surgery.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He\u2019s also a sworn reserve police officer, part of a two-man patrol in the Rampart Division of the Los Angeles Police Department. Between policing and doing emergency surgery, he gets a lot of exposure to gunshot wounds, both entry and exit \u2014 how people get shot, and how they get better.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Committed to treating each patient as he would want to be treated, Dr. Shanno uses his expertise in state-of-the-art neurosurgical techniques to ensure each patient receives the best possible care. He is able to treat many cerebrovascular disorders without open surgery, placing the patient at less risk and affording a quicker recovery.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Hay graduated from Medical University of South Carolina College of Medicine in 1984 and has been in practice for 34 years. He completed a residency at United States Naval Medical Center. He currently practices at Palmetto Orthopaedics of Charleston PA and is affiliated with Roper Hospital. Dr. Hay accepts multiple insurance plans including Aetna, BCBS South Carolina and Medicare. Dr. Hay also practices at Orthopedic Specialists in Charleston, SC. In addition to English, Dr. Hay's practice supports this language: Spanish.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He practices in Austin, Texas and has the professional credentials of MD. The NPI Number for George Rhamy Brown is 1104897271 and he holds a License No. D0067 (Texas).", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " She takes Medicare insurance. She is a graduate of Penn State College of Medicine. In addition to English, Dr. Hundal speaks Punjabi. Dr. Hundal is affiliated with Long Beach Medical Center.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Dr. Murphy graduated from New York University School of Medicine in 1982 and has been in practice for 36 years. He completed a residency at Beth Israel Medical Center. Dr. Murphy also specializes in Hand Surgery. He currently practices at Plastic Surgery Associates of the Lehigh Valley and is affiliated with Lehigh Valley Hospital Cedar Crest. Dr. Murphy accepts multiple insurance plans including Aetna, Medicare and Cigna. Dr. Murphy also practices at Lehigh Valley Hospital Emergency Group in Allentown, PA.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He holds the William E. Snee Chair in Neurosurgical Oncology and serves as the Chief of the MSKCC Multi-disciplinary Spine Tumor Service (MSTS). He received the Willet F. Whitmore Award for Clinical Excellence at MSKCC in 2014 and has been recognized on the annual list of New York Magazine\u2019s Best Doctors and America\u2019s Top Doctors for Cancer since 2005 and Super Doctors since 2008.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He received his medical degree from Louisiana State University School of Medicine in New Orleans and has been in practice between 11-20 years. Dr. Jeansonne accepts several types of health ...", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She graduated from Loyola University Chicago, and attended Northwestern University, where she received a certificate in premedical studies. She earned her doctorate of osteopathic medicine in 2011, and completed a residency in obstetrics and gynecology at the University of Illinois College of Medicine at Peoria, in 2015.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " She has 19 years of clinical experience as a general pediatrician, a medical degree from University of Chicago Pritzker School of Medicine and a Bachelor of Science in Chemical Engineering from the University of Pennsylvania. Though she is not currently in clinical practice, Dr. Poinsett is a leader in patient advocacy, targeting families with children, adolescents, and young adults with special mental health, behavioral, and learning needs, and helps those families navigate between medical, mental health, school, and social programs. Dr. Poinsett has also served as medical consultant for programs in early child mental health promotion, children and teens with developmental disabilities, learning disorders, and behavioral disorders.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " She marries the best of yoga, meditation, Ayurveda, nutrition science, and western medicine to help people get to the root of their imbalances and find optimum health. Robin graduated from Columbia University\u2019s medical school and trained in internal medicine at Mount Sinai Hospital. She is the author of HealthUncensored.com, where her passion is waking people up to their own potential for healthy, radiant living. Robin is also currently a senior producer at Health 2.0 and heads up the Body 2.0 expo", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Her practice focuses on ortho-molecular nutrition, biochemistry based evaluations and getting her patients back into their LIVES; active, pain-free and high in energy.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " A native of Akron, OH, he attended medical school at Ohio University and completed fellowship training at the world-renowned Cleveland Clinic. Dr. Jacob\u2019s practice serves both adult and geriatric patients.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She divides her time between seeing patients and teaching medical residents and students in the International Medicine Clinic and in the inpatient setting. In addition, she provides medical consultations for survivors of torture through Northwest Health and Human Rights, and evaluates new arrival refugees through the Refugee and Immigrant Health Promotion Project.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Dr. Hou's surgical techniques specialize in the endovascular treatment of acute ischemic stroke, brain aneurysms, arteriovenous malformations and arteriovenous fistulas of the brain and spine. He is board certified from the American Board of Radiology with sub-specialization in Diagnostic Neuroradiology. As both a clinician and scientist devoted to the well being of his patients, Dr. Hou's interests are focused on how to advance and optimize patient care and management in the treatment of complex neurovascular diseases through techniques that are minimally invasive.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He specialises in treating degenerative conditions of the spine, deformity surgery and minimally invasive spine surgery, as well as percutaneous injections for spine conditions.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He is the Team Physician for Furman University, Director of St. Francis Sports Medicine, Physician Dyad Leader for the Bon Secours Medical Group and President of Piedmont Orthopaedic Associates.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Jamaris graduated from University of Maryland School of Medicine in 1972 and has been in practice for 46 years. He completed a residency at University of Maryland Medical System. He currently practices at Joseph Jamaris MD and is affiliated with Howard County General Hospital and University of Maryland Baltimore Washington Medical Center. Dr. Jamaris accepts multiple insurance plans including TRICARE, Aetna and Medicare. Dr. Jamaris also practices at Manuel C Jimenez MD in Glen Burnie, MD. In addition to English, Dr. Jamaris's practice supports this language: Spanish.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " With a goal of improving systems of care, she designs and evaluates programs that make effective treatment easier for patients to follow through with\u2014and easier for providers to deliver.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " She is trained in functional and holistic medicine and has been practicing anti-aging medicine for the past 20 years. She received her medical degree from Universidad Autonoma de Nuevo Leon, Mexico, and completed her Internal Medicine residency postgraduate studies at Georgetown University Program and Nephrology Fellowship at National Institutes of Health. Dr. Kullick is a member of The American Academy of Anti-Aging Medicine.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Dr. Kellis is a founding partner of Precision Orthopaedic Specialties, Inc., which was established in 1991. He joined the Spine and Orthopedic Institute at St. Vincent Charity Medical Center in 2015.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Being both a health care professional and a patient has given her a unique perspective on the challenges posed by PD. Soania\u2019s symptoms of Parkinson\u2019s date back to 1998, yet she has continued to run her practice and welcomed three beautiful daughters, Sarika, Neha and Meeraya since that time. She credits the support of her husband, Arun, a respected urologist whose practice\u2019s primary focus is oncology.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He has an experience of 23 years in the field. He is a member of the Medical Council of India (MCI), the Indian Medical Association (IMA) and the Delhi Medical Association (DMA).", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He is a Fellow of the Royal Australasian College of Surgeons (FRACS) and member of the Australian Society of Plastic Surgeons (ASPS) and Australian Society of Aesthetic Plastic Surgeons (ASAPS).", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Wong Ee Pui practices at EPW Laser + Medical Aesthetics Clinic in Orchard, Singapore. He completed MBBS from University Of Melbourne in 1971,M Med (Gen Surg) from National University of Singapore, Singapore in 1977 and FRCS - General Surgery from Royal College of Surgeons of Edinburgh (RCSE), U.K in 1977. Some of the services provided by the doctor are: 3D Liquid Facelift,Pigmentation Treatment,Fractional Laser, Dermafillers and Eye-rejuvenating Treatment etc.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Drez graduated from Tulane University School of Medicine in 1963 and has been in practice for 55 years. He currently practices at Center for Orthopaedics and is affiliated with Christus St Patrick Hospital. Dr. Drez accepts multiple insurance plans including Aetna, Medicare and Humana.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " His takes on modern science and medicine can be found at The Stranger and at his own personal site. His primary research interest is human microbiome research.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Dr. Giovinazzo graduated from New York Medical College in 1987 and has been in practice for 31 years. He completed a residency at Graduate Hospital Tenet Health. Dr. Giovinazzo also specializes in Sports Medicine. He currently practices at Metropolitan Surgical Institute LLC and is affiliated with Staten Island University Hospital South Northwell Health. Dr. Giovinazzo accepts multiple insurance plans including Aetna, MVP Health Plan and Medicare. Dr. Giovinazzo also practices at Healthcare Associates In Medicine in Staten Island, NY. In addition to English, Dr. Giovinazzo's practice supports these languages: Spanish and Russian.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He's used to seeing a New Year's Day spike in pedestrians who've been hit by cars. As a matter of fact, January 1st is the deadliest day of the year for pedestrians -- and 58 percent of the people who died were drunk.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " An avid physician and researcher, Dr. Berend has performed more anterior hip replacements than any other surgeon in the Midwest. Additionally, he has published more than 130 peer-reviewed articles. The Arthritis Foundation named Dr. Berend its 2015 Pioneer in Medicine.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He is a registered member of the Royal College of Dental Surgeons of Ontario and trained in cosmetic dental surgery while studying at the University of Manitoba where he became a professor of dentistry. He is also a member of various other bodies such as the American Academy of Cosmetic Dentistry and a former member of the Toronto Academy of Cosmetic Dentistry.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " After completing her Bachelor\u2019s degree in Microbiology from the University of New Hampshire, she earned her advanced degree at the Massachusetts College of Pharmacy and Health Sciences. Prior to working at Pediatrics West, Jessica worked in adult and pediatric emergency medicine and pediatric primary care.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Working in a Singapore public hospital for more than 40 years, he has dedicated his life to the cutting edge of medical healing. He was instrumental in pioneering laparoscopic surgery in the early 1990s; he has led a medical research team in\u2026", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Moretz graduated from Emory University School of Medicine in 1972 and has been in practice for 45 years. He completed a residency at University Hospital. Dr. Moretz also specializes in Sports Medicine. He currently practices at Slocum Dickson Medical Group PLLC and is affiliated with St Elizabeth Medical Center. Dr. Moretz accepts multiple insurance plans including Aetna, MVP Health Plan and Medicare.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He trained as a doctor at St.Thomas' Hospital and as a specialist surgeon at St. Mary's Hospital in London. In 1996 he was selected to spend a year in Nice, France as Fellow to Professor Boileau who is widely recognised as one of the world's leading shoulder experts. It was this relationship that inspired him to become a shoulder surgeon. On returning to the UK he was appointed as a consultant at Ashford/St. Peters Hospital where he set up the very successful Upper Limb Unit. He now works full-time as an independent surgeon seeing private and NHS patients.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He has special interest in prevention of periprothetic joint infection as well as treatment of chronic periprosthetic infection. His research interests include host factors contributing to infection as well as antiseptic irrigation solutions.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Schefer graduated from Drexel University College of Medicine in 1990 and has been in practice for 28 years. He completed a residency at University Hospital Suny Stony Brook. Dr. Schefer also specializes in Hand Surgery. He currently practices at Mount Kisco Medical Group PC and is affiliated with Putnam Hospital Center. Dr. Schefer accepts multiple insurance plans including Aetna, MVP Health Plan and Harvard Pilgrim. Dr. Schefer also practices at Northern Westchester Hospital Center Pathology in Mount Kisco, NY. In addition to English, Dr. Schefer's practice supports these languages: Spanish and Russian.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He was awarded the Ministry of Health HMDP Fellowship in 1992 to specialise in Breast Cancer Surgery under the tutelage of Prof Roger W Blamey who was instrumental in the training and specialisation of breast surgeons in the United Kingdom.>", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He has focused on head transplants since 2013, coordinating experiments with Ren and a South Korean surgeon, C-Yoon Kim, and laying out his vision of heaven in journals.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Ha graduated from University of Connecticut School of Medicine in 1969 and has been in practice for 48 years. He completed a residency at St Clares Hospital and Healthcare Center. Dr. Ha accepts multiple insurance plans including MVP Health Plan, Medicare and Humana.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He has been in his Beverly Hills office since 1995 which includes his private outpatient surgery center for his patients, the Four Thirty Six Aesthetic Surgery Center. Dr, Applebaum is an innovator in the field of laser surgery for plastic surgery procedures and lectures and educates physicians worldwide in the use of lasers. He has also published numerous articles and scientific papers in the areas of laser surgery.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " His use of the latest techniques and innovations in cosmetic surgery, including 3D imaging technology, has made Premier Plastic Surgery Arts one of the most trusted clinics in the area.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Shiao is affiliated with Colorado Surgical Affiliates in Grand Junction, as well as St. Marys Medical Center in Grand Junction. Dr. Shiao graduated from University of Colorado School of Medicine in 2003. He is licensed to practice by the state board in Colorado (46781).", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Recently, Dr. Mathur launched a new company Hippylicious (www.myhippylicious.com) which is dedicated to providing parents with all natural, non-toxic personal care products for their families in an effort to reduce their toxin load, a factor that she believes is significant in the development or exacerbation of many diseases.She is an active speaker with the Parkinson\u2019s Society of Canada at patient-directed conferences and also serves as a resource for education projects. She works with The Michael J. Fox foundation for Parkinson\u2019s Research and serves on their Patient Council. She is a member of The Brian Grant Foundation Advisory Board that helps to create educational programming and she is the founder of Designing A Cure Inc. www.designingacure.com).Most importantly, she is the proud mother of three beautiful daughters and married to her loving and supportive husband Arun, a Urologic surgeon.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He lives and works in Dallas, Texas, and is a graduate of the University of Michigan Medical School. He has admitting privileges at a number of hospitals in the greater Dallas region such as Pine Creek Medical Center, Texas Health Presbyterian Hospital Dallas, and the Dallas Medical Center. In addition to doing cosmetic surgery he also does reconstructive surgery such as on people\u2019s face and hands.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He specializes in treating and diagnosing pancreatic cancer and peritoneal mesothelioma. He also treats jaundice, sarcoma, and gastrointestinal cancer. Dr. Chabot received his medical degree from Dartmouth College Geisel School of Medicine before going to New York Presbyterian Hospital for his residency training. He then went on the Dartmouth Hitchcock Medical Center for his fellowship training. Dr. Chabot is the Chief of GI/E...", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He has a fiancee, Tomonaga Miki, who is in a vegetative state as a result of his surgery. And so, he spends each day tormented by a reality that he can do nothing about.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She was raised in Michigan and graduated cum laude from the University of Michigan, Ann Arbor, with a Bachelor of Science Degree in Kinesiology in 1995. During her undergraduate studies, Nicole completed an internship in physical therapy at Medsport Physical Therapy and the University of Michigan Medical Center.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Dr. Rhoten takes care of clients as if they are his family, ensuring they receive fast and effective treatment. For more info: https://health.usnews.com/doctors/rex-rhoten-71697", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He began his higher education at Loyola College in Baltimore, Maryland, where he received a Bachelor of Science degree. From Loyola, he went on to earn his M.D. degree at the University of Maryland Medical School. His training in surgery began with an internship at Yale-New Haven Medical Center and included work at Harvard Medical School and the University of Maryland, where he was named chief resident in surgery.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She graduated from The Ohio State University in Columbus, Ohio with a B.S. in Dietetics. She earned her Masters of Medical Science in Physician Assistant Studies from Ohio Dominican University, Columbus, Ohio.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Paul, and Minneapolis, MN metropolitan areas. Practicing from his Plymouth-based facility, Dr. Fasching incorporates his extensive plastic surgery training and years of hands-on experience into every treatment to provide each and every of his Twin Cities plastic surgery patients with the top-notch, remarkable results they expect from a renown plastic surgeon.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. King graduated from State University of New York Upstate Medical University in 2006 and has been in practice for 31 years. He completed a residency at Cleveland Clinic Health System. Dr. King also specializes in Spine Surgery. He currently practices at Malcom Randall VA Medical Center and is affiliated with Malcolm Randall VA Medical Center. Dr. King accepts multiple insurance plans including Aetna, Humana and AvMed Health. Dr. King also practices at Uf Orthopedics/Sports Medicine in Gainesville, FL.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " As a former director of the Iowa Department of Public Health, Mariannette's experience as a doctor and state-government leader make her uniquely qualified to lead on the issue of healthcare in the U.S. Congress.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Dr. Chaudhry's areas of interest includes treating colon and rectal cancer, anal dysplasia and cancer, condyloma, and anal fistula. He is an expert in performing laparoscopic colorectal surgery, high resolution anoscopy, colonoscopy, and anorectal ultrasound.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He also has advanced training in procedures such as hiatal hernia repair, colon resection and ventral and inguinal herniorrhaphy. Dr. Barbalinardo has written for various medical and scientific publications. He is a member of the teaching staff at the University of Medicine and Dentistry of New Jersey and has been named a \"Top Doc\" by New Jersey Monthly Magazine.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Her research program is focused on understanding the roles of Fibroblast Growth Factors and Tbx3 in normal embryonic development, senescene and cancer. Dr. Moon\u2019s laboratory generated and employed mouse models of human cardiac and limb defects, such del22q11 and Ulnar-mammary syndrome. Her lab applies molecular and biochemical approaches in mouse models to dissect the mechanisms that control cell fate and survival during normal and abnormal morphogenesis and cancer. Her research expertise includes molecular genetics, developmental and molecular biology, cardiovascular development and disease, and mouse models of human disease.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Carlo Dones practices at CSD Medical and Aesthetic Clinic in General Trias, Cavite,Divine Grace Medical Center in General Trias, Cavite and WellPoint Medical Clinic and Diagnostic Center, Inc. in Rosario, Cavite. He completed Doctor of Medicine from De La Salle University in 2012. He is a member of Philippine Medical Association.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She is board certified by the National Commission on Certification of Physician Assistants (NCCPA). Bethany specializes in the clinical and surgical management of hip and knee disorders as well as orthopedic trauma. She works extensively with Dr. Daniel Goldstein assisting with joint replacement surgery. Bethany earned her Master of Science in Physician Assistant Studies at Marietta College in 2017. She is a 2015 graduate of Penn State University where she received a Bachelor of Science in Biology. Her professional memberships include the American Academy of Physician Assistants (AAPA) and Physician Assistants in Orthopaedic Surgery (PAOS). Bethany sees patients at Einstein Healthcare Network King of Prussia and Einstein Medical Center of Montgomery.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He is currently licensed to practice medicine in Alabama, North Carolina, and Florida. Travel Surgery USA, Destination Charleston South Carolina, Welcome to TravelSurgeryUSA and is located in beautiful Charleston, South Carolina. Daytona Beach plastic surgeon Carl Lentz MD. Plastic Surgery / Surgery of the Hand: ME128087: Florida: Find Mississauga Plastic Surgery Clinics. AO CMF Orthognathic course 19-22 Jan, 2009 at Bernhard Heitz, 43, president of the World Burn Foundation in Beverly Hills president of the American Society of Plastic Surgeons, Home; Face Surgery; Facelift; Facelift Birmingham by Dr.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He serves at OSF Children\u2019s Hospital of Illinois and has privileges at several other hospitals in the area (Osfhealthcare). He has medical offices and they are located in Maywood and Peoria.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She is the author of 15 books and numerous articles in professional journals. She is a compassionate professional committed to educating others in her fields of specialty. She is a nationally recognized expert in two addiction-related fields: addictive sexual disorders and the management of chronic pain with opioids. She also has experience and interest in the area of osteoporosis and its drug treatment, and maintains an email support group for people who have experienced atypical femur fractures related to the use of bisphosphonate medications.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Dr. Maroon was a runner who developed knee pain and started taking NSAID pain killers for relief. When the pain killers caused an ulcer he knew he needed to get off them. He went to his medical colleagues and was told that he needed a knee replacement. He decided to do his own research and discovered fish oil. After taking 2000 mg combined EPA + DHA for two months is knee pain disappeared.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Singer earned his medical degree from George Washington University and went on to serve as Chief Resident in Orthopaedics at Massachusetts General Hospital. He completed a Reconstructive Knee and Arthroscopic Surgery Fellowship at Brigham & Women\u2019s Hospital. He has been on staff at Roger Williams since 1996.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She is certified by both the American Board of Surgery and the American Board of Plastic Surgery and is highly regarded for her skills with facial injectables and tissue adhesives.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. McCarthy graduated from Columbia University College of Physicians & Surgeons in 1967 and has been in practice for 51 years. He completed a residency at New York Presbyterian Hospital. Dr. McCarthy also specializes in Surgery. He currently practices at Irps Associates and is affiliated with NYU Langone Medical Center Tisch Hospital. Dr. McCarthy also practices at Joseph G McCarthy MD in New York, NY.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He completed his General Surgery residency at University of Arizona College Integrated Hospitals in Tucson, AZ and a Thoracic Surgery residency at Oregon Health Sciences University in Portland, OR.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Hyde's expertise is in both open and minimally invasive surgical techniques. Besides performing surgical interventions, Dr. Hyde performs diagnostic and therapeutic injections for varying spinal disorders as part of conservative non-operative spinal care. He... More \u00bb", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He has more than 35 years of experience in surgical oncology. He specializes in the surgical treatment of breast cancer and is a pioneer in the development of nipple-sparing mastectomy. Dr. Stolier also focuses on breast cancer genetics and the associated care of women who have a BRCA and other gene mutations.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He is known for putting into practice the techniques of gastroscopy, colonoscopy and abdominal ultrasound. Dr. Ruiz Carrillo was the principal investigator in clinical trials of diverticulitis and reflux esophagitis, and has actively participated in the elaboration of pharmaco-therapeutic guidelines.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Chan School of Public Health Center for Health and Human Rights at Harvard University in Boston. She is also an Institute of Medicine, American Board of Emergency Medicine fellow in health sciences policy and co-founder of HEAL (Health, Education, Advocacy, Linkages) Trafficking, an international network of professionals combating human trafficking from a public health perspective. Her work seeks to advance research and policy on the health needs of human trafficking victims, globally and locally.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Kum Cheng Kiong practices at Centre For Screening & Surgery in Tanglin, Singapore. He completed MBBS from NUS-Singapore in 1985 and FRCS - General Surgery from Royal College of Surgeons of Edinburgh (RCSE), U.K in 1989. Some of the services provided by the doctor are: Liver Diseases,Women Cancer Screening,Breast Screening,Endoscopy, Clonoscopy and Gall Bladder (Biliary) Stone Treatment etc.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Swaminathan Ikshuvanam practices at Swami Surgery (Gleneagles) in Tanglin, Singapore and Swami Surgery (Parkway East) in Joo Chiat, Singapore. He completed MBBS from NUS-Singapore in 1982 and FRCS - General Surgery from Royal College of Surgeons of Edinburgh (RCSE), U.K in 1988. He is a member of Singapore Medical Council. Some of the services provided by the doctor are: Minor surgery,Endoscopy,Urological Surgery and Laparoscopic Surgery etc.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He has worked in the industry for 12 years, and specializes in liposuction, facelifts, breast enhancements, and injections. The following story was told to Kelsey Casta\u00f1on and edited for length and clarity.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Haddad graduated from Wayne State University School of Medicine in 2012 and has been in practice for 6 years. He completed a residency at Univ Of Oklahoma Health Center. In addition to English, Dr. Haddad's practice supports these languages: Spanish, Korean and French.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " In the past, she has worked as a physician in two African countries that had extensive civil unrest. She writes about human rights in Africa at Makaipa Blog", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Her work has taken her internationally which has provided an opportunity to learn about how global and public health practices often create a cascade of unintended consequences when programs, policies [\u2026]", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He obtained his basic medical degree from Trinity College, University of Dublin, Ireland in 1994. He had varied experience as a junior doctor in general practice, rehabilitation medicine, orthopaedics, geriatrics, emergency medicine, general surgery, hand surgery, paediatric orthopaedics and colorectal surgery before embarking on his love of Orthopaedic Surgery as a trainee.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Freeman completed her family medicine residency at McMaster University in 2000. She obtained her Diploma in Practical Dermatology from the University of Wales, Cardiff in 2003 and her Masters of Science in Practical Dermatology from the same institution in 2011. She has been working in the area of Dermatology since 2004 and is an adjunct professor for the Queen\u2019s Family Medicine Program. She has been living in Peterborough since 2000 with her husband and two children.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He has expertise in adult and pediatric spinal deformities such as scoliosis and kyphosis. A significant part of his practice is devoted to performing surgery on patients who have had multiple prior spine surgeries.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Peter\u2019s hospital NHS Trust, Chertsey, Surrey. He qualified from the Bombay University and holds an FRCS from the Royal College of Surgeons, Edinburgh.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Although he works primarily with companion small animals, he also performs surgery on exotic, wildlife and zoo animals. He has a special interest in minimally invasive surgery (laparoscopy, arthroscopy) of all types.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He is affiliated with Royal Perth Hospital as an Upper GI and Hepato-biliary Surgeon as well as at Fiona Stanley Hospital as a Renal Transplant Surgeon.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " When practicing, he was affiliated with various hospitals in the area including McKee Medical Center and Memorial Hospital. Kenneth Pettine received his medical degree\u2026", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " His group is Orthopedics New England with offices in Dedham, Natick and Newton, Massachusetts. Dr. Rockett is a CrossFit Level 1 Trainer and has been a CrossFitter at CrossFit New England since 2007. Dr. Rockett is on the Medical Team for the CrossFit Games and the Northeast Regionals.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He is a firm believer that \"the unexamined life is not worth living\", writes for a hobby and is happy to speak truth to power www.drmartinyoung.com or @MartinYoung", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He has established himself as a talented and compassionate surgeon with a desire to offer his patients a detailed and thorough approach to their treatment, resulting in the highest level of safety and satisfaction.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She went to the University of Detroit Mercy where she received both her Bachelor\u2019s of Biology and Master\u2019s of Science/Physician Assistant degrees in only 5 years. She has previous Physician Assistant experience in the hospital, urgent care, and clinic setting. Rachel is still heavily involved with the University of Detroit Mercy and tutors PA students on a weekly basis. She was also adjunct faculty at the University in 2017, where she educated students on the diagnosis, prevention, and treatment of diseases. She also serves as a preceptor for Physician Assistant and Nurse Practitioner students throughout Metro Detroit. She has over 10 years of experience in the medical field where, prior to becoming a Physician Assistant, she worked as a medical assistant and also became an EMT through the Farmington Hills Fire Department.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " A native of Colombia, she attained dual Bachelor of Science degrees in Biology and Chemistry from the University of Quindio. From there, she went on to attain a medical degree from the Technological University of Pereira.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " She practices in Poplar Bluff, Missouri and has the professional credentials of PA. The NPI Number for Casey Michelle Finley is 1518230929 and she holds a License No. 2012005135 (Missouri).", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " She practices in Apo, Armed Forces Americas and has the professional credentials of M.D.. The NPI Number for Dr. Jennifer Lynn Gurski is 1487705026 and she holds a License No. 23912 (Nebraska).", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He has the education, skill and experience to perform surgery on the breast, body, face and skin. He is also a hand surgery expert, offering reconstructive hand surgery to patients with serious hand deformities and disabilities. With more than 22 years of experience, Dr. Guarino is considered a highly regarded plastic surgeon in the Allentown area.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He can help patients recover from spinal stenosis, herniated discs, sciatica and other conditions. Most patients can choose from a spectrum of treatment options \u2013 starting with conservative measures, such as medications and physical therapy, to mid-level interventions, including epidural steroid injections, to surgical options. For many patients, a stepwise approach is the best strategy, starting with basic measures and progressing to more advanced interventions if the problem persists. Dr. Nelson believes the best treatment is the simplest, safest option that relieves pain and restores function. Read more", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " After earning his medical degree, virtually all his training has been concentrated on two fields: facial plastic and reconstructive surgery, and head and neck surgery\u2014otherwise known as Otolaryngology.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " As a podiatric attending he assists in the training of the podiatric surgical residents at Montefiore Mount Vernon Hospital, and at Montefiore New Rochelle Hospital. In addition, he provides podiatric services at the Yonkers Community Health Center. Dr. Rafat is certified in Clinical Hyperbaric Medicine, Diagnostic Ultrasound Technology, and Endoscopic Plantar Fasciotomy. He is a Diplomate of the American Board of Multiple Specialties in Podiatry. He has lectured locally, nationally and internationally and has presented several scientific posters. For his achievements, Healthtap has recognized him as \"Top Podiatrist\" nationally in 2013 and 2014.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She practices in Baltimore, Maryland and has the professional credentials of M.D.. The NPI Number for Dr. Kristi D Silver is 1093756181 and she holds a License No. D45253 (Maryland).", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Tim decided to establish his own wine label and the Herberts now run both a cellar door operation and accommodation at what they call \u2018Valley Road Vineyard\u2019.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He provides the gamut of treatment options for very young children all the way to adults, including advanced techniques not widely available. Because he treats adults as well as children and has been in practice for more than two decades, Dr. Mardjetko is able to understand how a spinal condition will affect a child later in life and to provide treatment that keeps long-term outcomes in mind. He was drawn to the challenge of pediatric orthopedics. He honed his abilities caring for children with rare conditions for 17 years at Shriners Hospital for Children in [...]", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " The views expressed herein are hers. She believes that people who enjoy juicy marriages have better relationships with everyone in their lives. She has coached more than 1,500 men and women on their journey to live vibrant, meaningful lives and trains other coaches to do the same. For more information, visit her website.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Desperate for money to pay his sister's medical bills, he adopts the code name Yong Pal and offers his medical skills to those in need of medical attention but who cannot do so publicly, dealing with gangsters and corr", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He specializes in arthroscopic surgery, sports injuries and joint replacements. He has extensive experience in this sub specialty, having worked at world renowned centres of excellence in UK, Australia & India from May 2000 to date.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He attended medical school at Universidad Javeriana in Bogota Colombia before undertaking his residency in Otolaryngology, Head and Neck Surgery in Boston. He completed his Pediatric Otolaryngology Fellowship at Texas Children\u2019s Hospital (2007), Houston and obtained his Master\u2019s in Clinical and Translational Research at the University of Connecticut.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Smith graduated from University of Tennessee Health Science Center College of Medicine in 2008 and has been in practice for 9 years. He currently practices at Shelby Surgical Associates PA and is affiliated with Cleveland Regional Medical Center. Dr. Smith accepts multiple insurance plans including Aetna, BCBS South Carolina and Medicare. Dr. Smith also practices at Brunswick Surgical Associates in Bolivia, NC.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She is a Clinical Associate Professor in Medicine at the University of Melbourne. Her clinical, teaching and research interests are in early intervention in alcohol and drug use and she has published book chapters and peer reviewed papers in the areas of addiction and adolescent medicine. Her experience includes work at the Royal Children\u2019s Hospital Melbourne, the Youth Substance Abuse Service, Turning Point Alcohol & Drug Centre and Western Hospital Drug Health. She is Board Member of the Youth Support and Advocacy Service (YSAS), past Member of the Board of the Australian Drug Foundation and she has also filled a number of roles at the Royal Australasian College of Physicians (RACP) including Chair of Education and President of the Chapter of Addiction Medicine.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Dr Cook was born in Sydney, schooled at Newington College and studied / graduated in Medicine at the University of Sydney in 1982. His fellowship with the Royal Australasian College of Surgeons in Neurosurgery was awarded in 1993 after 10 years of post-graduate training in Neurosurgery. He has been in practice as a Consultant Neurosurgeon since 1993 having trained in Sydney, Perth, London and Birmingham Alabama. He was senior registrar at Atkinson Morley\u2019s Hospital / The Children\u2019s Hospital at Great Ormond Street in London (UK) for two years and was a fellow in Neurosurgery at the University of Alabama (USA) before returning to Sydney to work at Royal North Shore Hospital and North Shore Private Hospital as a VMO for the past 25 years.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Alex is passionate about Doctors' Health, wellbeing, and work-life flexibility. She has recently been involved in the Australasian College for Emergency Medicine Discrimination, Bullying and Sexual Harassment working group, and is founding member of Wellness Resilience and Performance in Emergency Medicine (https://wrapem.org/). She is also a Past President of AMA Queensland (2012-2013).", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He also is Director of Spinal Deformity at Northwestern University Feinberg School of Medicine and an assistant professor of Neurological Surgery, Department of Neurosurgery at Feinberg.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He is currently associated with Saket City Hospital in Saket, Delhi. Book an appointment online with Dr. Harish Chandra Pathak and consult privately on Lybrate.com.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He is one of the few such subspecialists in Southeastern Michigan. Dr. Mihalich was educated at Tufts University School of Medicine and completed his residency at The University of Vermont. He completed a prestigious fellowship in Dallas, Texas .", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She is leading the development of the Cancer Survivorship Program, which includes both clinical and educational interventions to optimize the care of people with a cancer history.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He has more than 240 surgical cases including 200 brain tumor surgeries, every year. He is conducting brain tumor researches especially for malignant pediatric brain tumors.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Combining this experience with years of extensive research, he developed his skincare line, Bio-Clock Dermaceuticals. This line of skincare products is tailored to provide the very best in anti-aging and rejuvenating effects.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She is Clinical Assistant Professor of Surgery (Plastic Surgery) at Weill Cornel Medical College and Clinical Assistant Professor of Surgery (Plastic Surgery) at Tulane University School of Medicine. She is also Chief of Microsurgery at New York Eye and Ear Infirmary of Mount Sinai. www.constancechenmd.com", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She graduated from Harding University, in Searcy, Arkansas, with a B.S. in Exercise Science. Candice received her Masters of Medical Science in Physician Assistant Studies from Midwestern University in Downers Grove, Illinois.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He practices in Anchorage, Alaska and has the professional credentials of M.D.. The NPI Number for Robert Franklin Moreland Jr. is 1790712842 and he holds a License No. 5020 (Alaska).", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Dr. Pilney graduated from Medical College of Georgia at Augusta University in 1959 and has been in practice for 59 years. He completed a residency at L D S Hospital. Dr. Pilney also specializes in Surgery. He currently practices at Hudson Hospital and is affiliated with St John's Hospital, St Joseph's Hospital and United Hospital. Dr. Pilney accepts multiple insurance plans including Aetna, Humana and Cigna. In addition to English, Dr. Pilney's practice supports this language: Spanish.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She has actively practiced yoga for more than fifteen years, and has completed both 200hr and 500hr teacher trainings. Dr. Rosenberg teaches yoga primarily \u201cbeyond the mat,\u201d helping individuals and groups to apply the principles and practice of yoga to their daily lives and to support their overall health and well-being, to achieve success, and to become more effective leaders. She lives in Connecticut and Florida. Find out more on the web at www.julierosenbergmd.com. Be sure to check out her upcoming publication, Beyond the Mat: Achieve Focus, Presence, and Enlightened Leadership Through the Principles and Practice of Yoga!", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " She practices in Apo, Armed Forces Europe and has the professional credentials of DO. The NPI Number for Sandra L Molteni is 1275972127 and she holds a License No. 63536-21 (Wisconsin).", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " She has served on the board of directors for the Barrie After Hours Medical Clinics and as a medical director for a long-term care facility. She has thoroughly enjoyed serving on several medical mission trips to Africa and Central America. She is a widow and has two young adult children.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He joined his post-medical school training as an Intern in Integrated Plastic Surgery at the University of Michigan. After its completion, he joined the University of Florida in General Surgery. He performs Orbera Intragastric Ballon and weight loss.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He received his medical degree the University of S\u00e3o Paulo in 1997 and completed his specialization bot in general surgery and plastic surgery from the University of S\u00e3o Paulo. All of his undergraduate and medical residency were performed at the Hospital das Cl\u00ednicas of S\u00e3o Paulo, considered one of the largest hospitals in Latin America. Dr. Alan Wells has concentrated all his experience as a plastic surgeon to hair restoration surgery.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Oldham provide to patients in Bethesda, Washington D.C., and every other area of the country. One service that plastic surgeons like Dr. Oldham provide is skin lesion and mole removal. Skin lesions can be categorized into many types including moles, skin tags, warts, etc. And, skin lesions can range from benign to pre-cancerous, to cancerous.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He specializes in sports medicine and fracture treatment. He is a team physician for the University of Vermont, St. Michael\u2019s College and the U.S. Ski Team.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She has volunteered her medical services in countries such as Kosova, India, Afghanistan and Pakistan. She has dispensed free medical services, as well as conducted training to support staff on general health care, maternal-child care and standard health practices, in an effort to show that, regardless of how sparse a health institution is, cleanliness and proper care can greatly improve the health of patients and prevent the spread of diseases.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " She practices in Springdale, Arkansas and has the professional credentials of RPT,MS. The NPI Number for Ms. Kathryn Joan Venema is 1538373618 and she holds a License No. 1932 (Arkansas).", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " She is working in research projects in emergency medicine, specially in cardiac acute care and acute stroke. She has participated in different multicentric studies about cardiac acute care in Spain and she has also published several papers about this topic in Spanish medical journals. She also has a lot of experience learning basic/advanced live support, she makes with her ESVAP program group (Ense\u00f1anza de Soporte Vital en Atenci\u00f3n Primaria) many courses all over Spain. She is coordinator of the semFYC Working Group in emergency medicine (Spanish Society of Family Medicine).", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " She graduated from Dartmouth College with a double major in biology and anthropology modified with ethics. She is Indian-born American, an amateur ethnographer, and strongly believes health and social justice are intrinsically part of the same story. Vaidehi is a certified rape crisis advocate and currently a fellow at HealthCare Chaplaincy Network, an NYC non-profit that integrates spirituality into healthcare. Her writing has been published on Feministe, Brown Girl Magazine, and The Almost Doctor's Channel. Her Field Notes, entitled, \u201cThe Operation,\u201d appeared in the Fall 2014 Intima. This Crossroads post was originally published in January 2015.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Her father, Dr. John Gillespie, of Davis, California, was a professor of population genetics at the University of California. Her mother, Dr. Ann Gillespie, was a math teacher at Marymount High School in Los Angeles. Her stepfather, Dr. Peter Herne, was the managing director of an energy fund based in Moscow called Halcyon Advisers.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Dr. Florman is a member of the Congress of Neurological Surgeons and is affiliated with the Maine Medical Center in Portland. He specializes in complex spinal disorders, brain tumors, aneurysms, deep brain stimulation and pituitary and skill-based surgery, among other areas. Click here to learn more.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " A native Oregonian he graduated from Oregon Health & Sciences University of Medicine in 1989 and completed his residency in orthopedic surgery at Boston University. Dr. Rask had formal sports medicine training with K. Donald Shelbourne, MD at the University of Indiana, in Indianapolis, Tufts University, and Harvard University including working with team physicians for the Indianapolis Colts, Boston Celtics, and the Boston Ballet.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She is also an Assistant Professor of Pediatrics at the University of Pennsylvania Perelman School of Medicine and Assistant Medical Director of Covenant House in Philadelphia. Her clinical and research interests involve issues around sexually transmitted diseases and HIV prevention/treatment, as well as achieving health equity for other marginalized youth including LGBT and homeless adolescents.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " His surgical skills are advanced, and many people give him positive ratings online because of his patience and kindness. In addition to helping kids in the Chicago area, Dr. Holterman donates his money, time and skills to help children in other parts of the world.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He specialises in abdominal problems and in particular in bowel cancer surgery. As a coloproctologist he is also specialized in anal surgery for conditions such as haemorrhoids, anal fissures etc:", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She practices in Little Rock, Arkansas and has the professional credentials of M.D.. The NPI Number for Ashley Elisabeth Dumas is 1285993295 and she holds a License No. E-10456 (Arkansas).", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " His experience, combined with his sensitive approach to meeting each person\u2019s needs, makes him one of the top plastic surgeons in the Houston area, helping men and women throughout Texas look and feel confident and refreshed.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Lee graduated from Seoul National University College of Medicine in 1986 and has been in practice for 21 years. He completed a residency at University of Texas Health System. Dr. Lee also specializes in Pediatrics. He currently practices at Yale School of Medicine and is affiliated with Morgan Stanley Children's Hospital of New York Presbyterian and New York Presbyterian Columbia University Medical Center. Dr. Lee accepts multiple insurance plans including Aetna, Harvard Pilgrim and Medicare. Dr. Lee also practices at Morgan Stanley Childrens Hospital of Nyp in New York, NY. In addition to English, Dr. Lee's practice supports these languages: German, French, Spanish and Arabic.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Davis received his medical degree from the University of Pennsylvania where he also completed his residency. He is certified in Thoracic Surgery. Dr. Davis is the associate chief medical officer and the co-medical director for patient safety at Nationwide Children\u2019s. Dr. Davis originated and developed the world\u2019s most successful surgical treatment for Jeune\u2019s Syndrome. He has been with Nationwide Children\u2019s since 1991.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He has trained more than 100 biomedical investigators.His experience spans new pharmaceutical product development, directing NIH research programs, biomedical science and the federal government (including FDA),...", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Dr. Beyer graduated from Georgetown University School of Medicine. During his residency at the Hospital for Joint Diseases in New York, he became the Chief Resident of Orthopedics and completed a sports medicine fellowship at the Kerlan-Jobe Orthopedic Clinic. His passion for sports influenced his decision to pursue this specialty and thus in a vocation where preserving an active lifestyle is a key focus.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She provides personalized, comprehensive primary care to families and individuals of all ages in San Francisco since 2005. Dr. Bhandari delivers integrative, holistic care which looks at the whole person. She is consistently able to understand the root cause of any illness and effectively transform health.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Dr. McNutt graduated from University of Arkansas for Medical Sciences College of Medicine in 1994 and has been in practice for 24 years. Dr. McNutt also specializes in Sports Medicine. He currently practices at Frisco Orthopaedic & Sports Medicine and is affiliated with Centennial Medical Center. Dr. McNutt accepts multiple insurance plans including Aetna, Medicare and Humana. Dr. McNutt also practices at Centennial Medical Center Emergency in Frisco, TX. In addition to English, Dr. McNutt's practice supports this language: Spanish.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She received her MD from Loyola University, and her PhD in Economics from Harvard University. Dr. Alsan is Board Certified in both Internal Medicine and Infectious Disease. Her research focuses on health and socioeconomic disparities.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He received his medical degree from Virginia Commonwealth University School of Medicine and has been in practice for more than 20 years. He is one of 3 doctors at Bingham Memorial Hospital and one of 6 at Eastern Idaho Regional Medical Center who specialize in Neurological Surgery.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He is a graduate of Harvard Medical School and completed his surgical residency at the Massachusetts General Hospital. He has worked as a Team Surgeon for the NBA Denver Nuggets and NHL Colorado Avalanche for several years. Dr. Tannyhill has a particular interest in sports medicine and the management of traumatic facial injuries in the competitive athlete.\"", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Jessica works alongside Dr. Daley in both the operating room and clinic to assist in surgical procedures, perform joint injections, and diagnose and treat multiple hip and knee related problems. She assists Dr. Daley in all aspects of patient care for those who receive hip and knee treatment.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Ms Singhal completed medical school(MBBS) from All India Institute of Medical science, (AIIMS) New Delhi. She did her post graduate studies from MPH from IIHMR, Jaipur. She has worked with naturopathic physician in Seattle from 2011-2013.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Working with the Aurora Neuroscience Innovation Institute (ANII) team of multidisciplinary neuroscience experts, he is skilled in the revolutionary Expanded Endonasal Approach, a minimally invasive surgical technique that allows for skull-base brain tumors and lesions to be removed through the nose. This innovative concept allows direct access to the tumor, eliminating the need to move critical structures to reach the tumor.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He is a member of the European Society of Thoracic Surgeons, the Spanish Society of Pneumology and the Thoracic Surgery (SEPAR), the Spanish Thoracic Surgeons Society, the Spanish Surgeon Society and the Sociedad Aragonesa del Aprato Respiratorio.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He is the author and chief editor of several best-selling medical textbooks and online resources and has extensive expertise in managing a wide range of issues, including the prevention and treatment of cardiovascular disease, diabetes and sports injuries.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Her work began in Calcutta, India, in 1998, when she opened the \"Calcutta Hope Home\" to provide safe refuge for destitute children. In Brazil in 2000, Julie established a ministry for street children and founded \"For the Children International.\" Currently in Mozambique, Africa, Julie is ministering through \"The Dream Project\" to provide care, housing and education for children orphaned by the AIDS epidemic. julia@thedream-project.org", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He specializes in face, breast augmentation and other breast surgery, and body plastic surgery using the latest technology and advancements in plastic and reconstructive surgery.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She estimates she treats as many as 15 to 20 cases of shoe-related injuries a month, sometimes as many as two a day. She believes the numbers will rapidly increase soon, due to the weather. It\u2019s hard enough to trot around in 6-inch boots as it is \u2014 but on ice? Forget it.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " She joins Stephens College as Assistant Professor for the PA program and will serve as the Program\u2019s Clinical Coordinator. Additionally, she serves as the Assistant Program Director for the University of Missouri Hospital PA Fellowship in Hospitalist Medicine. Matthews attended the University of Missouri for undergraduate studies where she earned a BA in Philosophy. She is a graduate of the University of North Dakota with a Master of Science in Physician Assistant Studies. Prior to her career as a physician assistant she was a paramedic with 17 years of experience. She has extensive knowledge in team building and tactical medicine and has taught these subjects on a national level.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He is a Visiting Medical Officer (Consultant) in Vitreoretinal Surgery at Sydney Eye Hospital, an Associate Professor of Ophthalmology at the University of Sydney and an Honorary Clinical Research Associate at the University of Oxford. He is committed to providing state-of-the-art patient care.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She has a Master's degree from The University of Texas Medical Branch at Galveston and a Bachelor of Science in Health from Texas A&M University. She is committed to patient care in clinical and cosmetic dermatology.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " She graduated with honors in 2013. Having more than 5 years of diverse experiences, especially in PHYSICIAN ASSISTANT, Beatrice C Izsak affiliates with no hospital, and cooperates with other doctors and specialists without joining any medical groups. Call Beatrice C Izsak on phone number (718) 386-8300 for more information and advice or to book an appointment.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " She started with the practice in January 2016 after earning a Master of Clinical Medical Science from Barry University\u2019s Physician Assistant program in 2015. She earned her Bachelor of Science degree in 2011 from University of South Florida. She a professional member of the American Academy of Physician Assistants, Florida Academy of Physician Assistants, Society of Dermatology Physician Assistants, and Florida Society of Dermatology Physician Assistants.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " She has been taking care of patients since 2004 and joined Family Practice Center in Mifflintown, PA in 2005.</p> <p><strong>Education:</strong></p> <ul> <li>MS &ndash; Physician Assistant Studies, St. Francis University, Loretto, PA </li> <li>BS &ndash; Health Science, St. Francis University, Loretto, PA </li> </ul> <p><strong>Certification:</strong></p> <ul> <li>National Commission on Certification of Physician Assistants (NCCPA)</li> </ul> <p><strong>Professional Affiliations:</strong></p> <ul> <li>American Academy of Physician Assistants</li> <li>Beta Beta Beta Biological Honor Society</li> <li>St. Francis University Honor Society</li> </ul>", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " His specialty area is sports medicine, with a focus on shoulder and knee surgery\u2014both arthroscopic and joint replacement. His patients range from weekend warriors to high-level athletes.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Steinbrech specializes in Minimally Invasive Aesthetics. He incorporates this philosophy into all of his surgical and non-surgical techniques. He has been selected as one of America\u2019s Top Plastic Surgeons by the Consumers\u2019 Research Council of America.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She joined UW/SCH after completing her pediatric and medical genetics residency at UCLA, and her medical biochemical genetics fellowship at the National Institutes of Health.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " She practices in Apo, Armed Forces Europe and has the professional credentials of D.O. The NPI Number for Dr. Tiffany Rene Simpson is 1831340504 and she holds a License No. 02003698A (Indiana).", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Dr. Allen implements a hands-on approach and application of the philosophy that gaining a person\u2019s trust is the most important step to treatment. This method has allowed him to build an extremely successful practice dedicated to general orthopedics with an emphasis on the treatment of spinal diseases.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She practices in Fayetteville, Arkansas and has the professional credentials of MD. The NPI Number for Kathryn A Panek is 1548381510 and she holds a License No. E-5411 (Arkansas).", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He has experience performing a variety of cosmetic surgeries and his unique educational background at some of the nation\u2019s most prestigious medical centers allows him to perform cutting edge plastic surgery procedures.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " From his care for patients who have scoliosis or complex cervical spine conditions, to his work in reducing spinal infection rates, Dr. Glotzbecker has been constantly working to improve quality of care at Boston Children\u2019s Hospital.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Feliccia graduated from Drexel University College of Medicine in 1974 and has been in practice for 44 years. He completed a residency at Maimonides Medical Center. He currently practices at Drs Feliccia Walsh & Silver and is affiliated with Maimonides Medical Center. Dr. Feliccia accepts multiple insurance plans including Aetna, MVP Health Plan and Medicare. Dr. Feliccia also practices at Maimonides Bone & Joint Ctr in Brooklyn, NY. In addition to English, Dr. Feliccia's practice supports these languages: Russian and Spanish.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Graduating from Baroda Medical College, he is having 25 years of experience in providing relief to musculoskeletal problems for patients from all around the world. He has completed Advanced Trauma & Life Support training from Norwich & Spine Fellowship from Nuffield Orthopedic Hospital at Oxford in UK. He has also trained as a Sr. Spine Fellow at Klinikum Karlbaad in Germany. Dr. Harshvardhan Hegde is coveted member of the Girdlestone Orthopedic Society, which is a gathering of some of the finest names in orthopedic treatments. He bears an extensive & multifaceted experience in every aspect of orthopedics.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Having recently finished her accelerated two-year Reproductive Endocrinology & Infertility (REI) fellowship program at University of California, Los Angeles (UCLA), she has conducted research on polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) and egg freezing.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He is the founder and CEO of SpineNevada and chairman and director of spine at the Surgical Center of Reno. He is on staff at St. Mary's Hospital and Renown Regional Medical Center, both located in Reno. Dr. Lynch has also served as director of spine services, for Regent Surgical Health, where he directs Regent's program to help physicians develop spine-focused ASCs and specialty spine hospitals. His work has been published in several professional publications including The Journal of Neurosurgery and Neurosurgery and Spine.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Granberry graduated from University of Texas Health Science Center at San Antonio Long School of Medicine in 1986 and has been in practice for 31 years. He completed a residency at Dallas Co Hp Parkland Memorial. Dr. Granberry also specializes in Foot & Ankle Surgery. He currently practices at Bone & Joint Clinic of Houston and is affiliated with Baylor St Luke's Medical Center. Dr. Granberry accepts multiple insurance plans including Aetna, Medicare and Cigna. Dr. Granberry also practices at Baylor College Of Medicine Orthopedics in Houston, TX.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He received his medical degree from the School of Medicine at the University of California, San Francisco, and is trained in general, plastic, and reconstructive surgical procedures. Dr. Bermudez strives to achieve surgical excellence with all of his aesthetic enhancement and reconstructive procedures. He puts a focus on patient education and thorough communication from the first consultation through post-operative follow-up care. Dr. Bermudez is a compassionate physician who truly listens to his patients, and he offers honest advice about what cosmetic procedure or procedures will best suit their individual goals.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Always at the forefront of innovation, Dr. Piasecki pioneered the most advanced skin cancer treatment by combining the leading skin cancer removal technique (Mohs surgery) with cosmetic reconstructive surgery. He is the only doctor in the world to hold such certifications.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Lohmuller graduated from Indiana University School of Medicine Bloomington in 1986 and has been in practice for 32 years. He completed a residency at Mayo Clinic and Medical School. He currently practices at Davenport Surgical Group and is affiliated with Genesis Medical Center East Campus. Dr. Lohmuller accepts multiple insurance plans including Aetna, Medicare and Blue Cross Blue Shield of Illinois. Dr. Lohmuller also practices at Cancer Center in Davenport, IA.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " His professional memberships include the American Association of Dental Boards, Southern Conference of Dental Deans and Examiners, American Dental Association, American College of Dentists, American Association of Oral and Maxillofacial Surgeons, Mississippi Dental Association, and the Southeastern Society of Oral and Maxillofacial Surgeons.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Parker is trained in advanced laparoscopic surgery, trauma surgery and advanced endoscopic techniques. Dr. Parker also worked with Henry Ford and NASA on a joint project to explore remote guidance ultrasound for trauma and zero gravity ultrasound for trauma. He holds Basic Life Support, Advanced Cardiac Life Support and Advanced Trauma Life Support certifications. He is also an Advanced Trauma Life Support instructor. He currently is a private practice General Surgeon in Jackson, Wyoming.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He received his medical degree at Rush Medical College in Chicago before completing his orthopedic surgery training at the Medical College of Wisconsin in Milwaukee. He then finished his training with a fellowship in adult total reconstruction at Rush Medical College before starting his practice in Denver. Dr. Chang treats many orthopedic conditions, but has a passion for hip and knee replacements. By continually pursuing innovative treatment plans, including minimally invasive techniques, his goal is to develop an individual treatment plan to return his patients to their active lifestyle.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Her duties include daily hospital rounds, emergency room call, office follow-up of 1100 patients, as well as teaching with McGill University. Throughout her career, she has also performed a variety of medical administrative roles.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Dr. Testart has developed distinctive techniques and protocols in cellular therapies and management protocols for musculoskeletal disorders. He has dedicated years to researching and practicing techniques that employ stem cell therapies to enhance conventional surgical techniques to ease patient suffering. Dr. Testart is Global Stem Cells Group\u2019s Chile Representative", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Attarian graduated from Duke University School of Medicine in 1980 and has been in practice for 38 years. He completed a residency at Duke University Medical Center. He currently practices at Duke Medical Plaza Page Road and is affiliated with Duke University Medical Center. Dr. Attarian accepts multiple insurance plans including Aetna, Medicare and Humana. Dr. Attarian also practices at DUMC Dept of Cardiovascular Disease in Durham, NC. In addition to English, Dr. Attarian's practice supports this language: Spanish.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Specialist Family and Community Medicine and Traumatology and Orthopaedic Surgery, has worked at the University Hospital Reina Sof\u00eda and currently serves on the San Juan de Dios Hospital in C\u00f3rdoba. During his long career, he has combined his work as an orthopedic surgeon with teaching at the Faculty of Medicine of C\u00f3rdoba, as well as the graduate of the University Hospital Reina Sofia.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He has extensive experience in general orthopedics, including trauma and fracture care, and total joint replacement of the shoulder, elbow, hip, and knee. He believes it is important to listen to his patients and answer their questions. He takes care to understand how an injury or condition is affecting each patient\u2019s daily life and activities.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Some of the hospitals affiliated with him include Long Branch Campus and Jersey Shore University Medical Center. Mr. Saad pursued medicine at the Cairo University School of Medicine. Saad has an experience of more than 20 years in the medical field. He is one of the few surgeons at Monmouth Medical Center.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " While a lot of his patients see him for non-emergency elective problems, he often deals with emergency cases where time is of the essence. In these cases, Dr. Goldie simply doesn\u2019t have time to wait for off-site 3D printing so he\u2019s turned to open sourced software to generate 3D models from his patients\u2019 CT scans and an Ultimaker 2+ desktop 3D printer to print their bones. This gives him the ability to see the injury that he needs to repair, and he often keeps the 3D printed model with him during surgery as a reference.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He has been extensively trained in surgery of the Head and Neck, Breasts, Digestive System (Gall-bladder, Stomach, Colon, Rectum & Anus), Endoscopy, Venous Diseases of the lower limbs and Diseases of the Skin.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He has previously worked in Osmania General Hospital, Hyderabad as an Assistant Professor in the department of Orthopaedics & Traumatology since 2012, where he managed complete trauma cases, Arthroplasty, Paediatric Trauma and Congenital disorder.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Her clinical interests include hospital care. She accepts Blue Cross/Blue Shield, Coventry, Humana ChoiceCare Network, and more. Dr. Iyasere is a graduate of Columbia University, College of Physicians and Surgeons and a graduate of Massachusetts General Hospital's residency program. She is conversant in Spanish. Dr. Iyasere is professionally affiliated with Massachusetts General Hospital. She is closed to new patients at this time.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " After attending Western University of Health Sciences, College of Osteopathic Medicine of the Pacific for medical school, Dr. Boyd King completed her residency training at a hospital affiliated with the University of Southern California (USC). Clinical interests for Dr. Boyd King include intensive care, internal medicine, and lung problems. She takes Medicare insurance. Dr. Boyd King is conversant in Spanish. She is affiliated with Scripps Memorial Hospital La Jolla, Scripps Clinic La Jolla, and Scripps Green Hospital.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He performs a wide range of breast procedures including enlargements, reductions, liposuction and liposculpture. In addition he is a widely trained colorectal and general surgeon performing a full range of bowel operations and common general procedures like hernias and varicose veins.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She graduated with a Psychology Degree from University of Toronto in 1975, and a medical degree from Dalhousie University, in 1981. She completed a Family Practice/Emergency residency at MacMaster University in 1986. She has a strong interest in Women\u2019s Heath and Mental Health. She has done a lot of psychotherapy in her practice. She began studying mindfulness and yoga in 2014. She is completing her MBCT certificate program and teaching MBCT groups at the Centre. She brings openness and humour to her groups along with her mindfulness teaching.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He enjoys treating patients of a variety of ages and takes pride in helping his patients maintain an active lifestyle - whether that is helping an athlete get back to sports following an injury or an arthritic patient get back to everyday life in less pain following joint replacement surgery.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She practices in Cullman, Alabama and has the professional credentials of M.D.. The NPI Number for Scarlette D Smith is 1386636132 and she holds a License No. 15896 (Alabama).", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " She is a certificant of the American Academy of Aesthetic Medicine, the European Academy of Aesthetic Medicine and the American Society of Laser Medicine and Surgery. She is the founder and CEO of 2 award winning medi-spas and she has won many noble accolades such as finalist for Business Person of The Year, finalist for Women of Influence Award, winner of Best New Business and has been recognized as the top 100 entrepreneurs of British Columbia. Her passion: Positive aging, helping women and men be the best version of themselves through non-invasive technologies such as Botox, fillers, lasers and light thereby avoiding the trauma of plastic surgery.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He has been practicing for over forty years, since his graduation from Cairo University School of Medicine. He received a Patients\u2019 Choice Award in 2014 and accepted a Compassionate Doctor Recognition that same year.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Robles graduated from University of Connecticut School of Medicine in 1994 and has been in practice for 24 years. He completed a residency at St Francis Hospital Medical Center. Dr. Robles also specializes in Bariatric Medicine (Obesity Medicine). He currently practices at Shoreline Surgical Associates and is affiliated with Middlesex Hospital. Dr. Robles accepts multiple insurance plans including Aetna, Harvard Pilgrim and Medicare. Dr. Robles also practices at Pediatric & Adolescent Medical Group in Middletown, CT.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " After premedical studies at the University of Michigan and medical studies at the Medical College of Virginia, he served his surgical residency at Stanford University Medical Center and plastic surgery residency at the University of Oklahoma Health Sciences Center.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He has performed over 1,800 cervical fusions and has earned recognition for his expertise in the field. He is also a published author with numerous academic and social service awards to his credit.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She found that the carrageenan was stable and safe while in the food product itself, but would too easily break down in the digestive process and cause health problems. Her research linked carrageenan consumption to the development of diabetes and digestive problems.4", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " She works exclusively with Dr. Joe Nemanich, and sees general orthopedic patients in the clinic and hospital as well as assists Dr. Nemanich in the operating room.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Dr. Bosiljevac graduated from University of Kansas School of Medicine in 1975 and has been in practice for 39 years. He completed a residency at Wesley Medical Center. Dr. Bosiljevac accepts multiple insurance plans including MVP Health Plan and Medicare.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Whiton graduated from University of Minnesota Medical School in 1979 and has been in practice for 39 years. He completed a residency at St Marys Hospital Medical Center. He currently practices at Alan L Whiton MD and is affiliated with LeConte Medical Center. Dr. Whiton accepts multiple insurance plans including TRICARE, Aetna and Medicare. In addition to English, Dr. Whiton's practice supports this language: Spanish.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He offers Tummy Tuck, Cool Sculpting and Chip Liposuction and other procedures related to body shaping. He believes in Natural Results with early recovery. Dr. Okamato completed his Medical Education from the University of California but it was not enough to become an expert of Plastic Surgery. He then joined the University of Wisconsin to work as a Resident of Plastic Surgery where he learned the new innovative techniques to perform the procedure. His certification by the American Board of Otolaryngology and American Board of Plastic Surgery is the best example of excellence in his field. Dr. Okamoto is also the member of American Society for Aesthetic Plastic Surgery (ASAPS) and American Society of Plastic Surgeons (ASPS) which shows his experience and participation.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He graduated Cum Laude from The University at Albany with a B.S. Degree in Biology. He received his professional degree from Albany-Hudson Valley PA program at Albany Medical College in Albany, N.Y. Joe has been a provider with Chickahominy Family Physicians since 1993.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He specializes in hand, breast aesthetic surgery, and anti-aging medicine.After earning his medical degree from the University of Texas Medical Branch, Dr. Hankins completed the General Surgery training prerequisite for Plastic Surgery as established by the Residency Review Committee in Plastic Surgery as well as Anatomic and Clinical Pathology.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " After receiving his B.A. from Johns Hopkins University in Baltimore, Dr. Eisner earned his medical degree at the University of California, Davis. He completed his orthopaedic surgery residency at the University of Texas Southwestern in Dallas, which included Parkland Memorial Hospital and Texas Scottish Rite Hospital as participating facilities. During the final year of his orthopaedic surgery residency, Dr. Eisner completed a three-month rotation on the pediatric orthopaedics service at the Norfolk and Norwich University Hospital in Norwich, England. He then served a one-year fellowship in pediatric orthopaedic surgery at Rady Children\u2019s Hospital in San Diego, followed by a second fellowship in surgical hip preservation in Bern, Switzerland.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She is a full-time faculty member at SCNM, teaching botanical medicine, hydrotherapy, GYN lab, and clinical skills. She also teaches Mayan healing techniques.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " She received her bachelor\u2019s degree in biology from Oakland University, and her Master of Physician Assistant Studies from the University of Detroit Mercy. Elena currently works in general surgery at Henry Ford Hospital. She has experience in primary care, as well as trauma, ENT, vascular, plastics, thoracic and colorectal surgeries. Elena\u2019s work experience also includes teaching which she carries in to practice when evaluating and treating patients. She is passionate about promoting healthy living and disease management, which supports her patient care.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Raised in the Pittsburgh area, Dr. McCafferty received his Bachelor of Science degree from Penn State University, his Medical Doctorate from Temple University and completed his internship and residency in General Surgery at Cedars-Sinai Medical Center in Los Angeles, C...", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He founded Plancher Orthopaedics & Sports Medicine, with offices in Manhattan and Greenwich, and serves as clinical professor of orthopedics at the Albert Einstein College of Medicine in the Bronx. For more, visit plancherortho.com.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Lim graduated from University of Santo Tomas Faculty of Medicine & Surgery in 1964 and has been in practice for 53 years. He completed a residency at Nassau University Medical Center. He currently practices at Jimmy Uy Lim MD and is affiliated with Nassau University Medical Center, North Shore University Hospital at Manhasset Northwell Health and Plainview Hospital Northwell Health. Dr. Lim accepts multiple insurance plans including MVP Health Plan, Medicare and Humana. Dr. Lim also practices at Wittaya Payackapan MD PC in Amityville, NY.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He is a Fellow of the American College of Surgeons and a Member of the Society of American Gastrointestinal and Endoscopic Surgeons. Dr. Cho is the Program Director for the Franciscan Advanced Laparoscopy Fellowship Program. Drawn to medicine by the desire to improve lives, Dr. Cho strives to do the best and safest job possible for every patient.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Finishing his higher studies in the Department of Orthopedics PGIMER, Chandigarh, a well recognized centre for joint replacement surgery,sports medicine and arthroscopy, run by central government of India. after finishing his post graduation with medal winning performance in his final exam for merit in the institute. he had continued as senior resident in the same department for 2 and half years.during this period he had fine tuned his surgical skills and improved his academic activities. after coming out from the institute in April 2005 he had visited and worked in various overseas centers and universities in Singapore, Australia and France. Currently, he is settled in Kerala and is bidding his services to patients as the head of the orthopedics department at Moulana Hospital, Perinthalmanna.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Mowett is the first physician in Manatee County, Florida to earn her certification in Bariatric Medicine (non-surgical weight loss) by The American Board of Obesity Medicine (ABOM).", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Whenver the ducks, chickens or geese on his four-acre estate become ill, Vic operates. Most of the fowls live, too. His surgery is in one end of his gymnasium.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She practices under the supervision of Dr. Reichel. Andrea has over ten years of clinical experience with the past eight specializing in dermatology. As a PA, Andrea has the expertise and ability to provide a wide variety of services including diagnosing skin disorders, skin cancer screenings, writing prescriptions, ordering and interpreting lab tests, would care, and medical treatment of a wide variety of clinical dermatology.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " His areas of interest include outpatient surgery, minimally invasive surgery, and surgical conditions of newborns. He is an Associate Professor of Surgery and Pediatrics at the George Washington University School of Medicine.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He went to Nursing school and graduated from Montana State University in 1991. He practiced nursing for seven years in Coronary Care and Emergency Medicine. In 2001, he expanded his training by attending the University of North Dakota School of Medicine and graduated in 2001 with a Degree in Physician Assistant studies. Kevin has practiced for the past 15 years, in a multiple specialties, such as family medicine, internal medicine, endocrinology, urgent care, and pain management.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " She graduated from University of Montana with her undergraduate degree in Human Biology and received her Masters at the Child Health Associate/Physician Assistant program of University of Colorado, Denver in 2009. She has a special interest in early education/child development and speaks medical Spanish. Lacey recently relocated to Huntington Beach from Washington state with her husband and two young children. She enjoys traveling, outdoor activities, cooking, reading and spending time with her family.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " After earning bachelor\u2019s degrees in neurobiology and biobehavioral psychology at the University of Vermont, she earned a master\u2019s of medical science in physician assistant studies at Arcadia University in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He graduated as medical doctor at the University Federico II di Napoli in 1985. He was subsequently appointed as staff surgeon at the hospital La Pitie Salpetriere where obtained sub specializations in heart transplantation, pediatric and minimally invasive surgery. view full biography...", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She obtained her Bachelor\u2019s degree in Biology and Neuroscience from Wesleyan University in Middletown, CT. She is originally from Baltimore, Maryland, and is glad to be working and serving back in her home state.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " She has developed a palliative radiation clinic at these community cancer centers, working in tandem with the Supportive and Palliative Radiation Oncology (SPRO) program at the main campus in Boston. She has a strong interest in palliative radiation and has done extensive research assessing prognostication and its role in treatment decision making.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " She brought out six volumes of poetry before she turned 18. She has had the honor of receiving several international awards, including from two Indian Presidents. Although she is lawfully wedded to Medicine, Poetry remains her first romance. Nor does she consider the two domains mutually exclusive, since creative inspiration and empathy are the cornerstones of both.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He practices in Clearwater, Florida, and specializes in spinal, neurological, and orthopedic surgery of the spine, with particular emphasis on motion preservation, minimally invasive surgery, and spinal instrumentation.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He received his certification from the American College of Veterinary Surgeons in 2003, following an intensive three-year surgical residency and a rigorous board certification exam.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Dalton graduated from Columbia University College of Physicians & Surgeons in 1990 and has been in practice for 28 years. He completed a residency at Virginia Commonwealth University Health System. Dr. Dalton also specializes in Vascular Surgery. He currently practices at Virginia Beach Surgery and is affiliated with Sentara Virginia Beach General Hospital. Dr. Dalton accepts multiple insurance plans including Aetna, Medicare and Humana.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He had his own thriving practice in Bristol but moved to Cornwall to be closer to his wife\u2019s family from the Isles of Scilly. He and his wife have four young children and many animals.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He is the orthopedic consultant for the New York City Ballet, American Ballet Theatre, the School of American Ballet, and the JKO School of Ballet at ABT. He specializes in foot and ankle injuries in dancers and athletes. He is past president of the American Orthopedic Foot and Ankle Society.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He practices in Anchorage, Alaska and has the professional credentials of MD. The NPI Number for Dr. Robert A Lada is 1982667101 and he holds a License No. 4939 (Alaska).", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He has written a fantastic book Sleep, Interrupted . He has made sleep his specialty and gives monthly free webinars to answer patient's questions, educate about the newest research in sleep and to interview the top people in the field.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Jessica works alongside Dr. Daley in both the operating room and clinic to assist in surgical procedures, perform joint injections, and diagnose and treat multiple hip and knee related problems. She assists Dr. Daley in all aspects of patient care for those who receive hip and knee treatment.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " His areas of interest include spinal degeneration (in the neck and back), prolapsed intervertebral disc (slipped disc), cervical disc replacement (replacing the discs in the neck), spinal deformity (such as scoliosis) and spinal tumours.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He blends the specific technique and skills of his board certifications in facial plastic and reconstructive surgery, plastic surgery, and head and neck surgery to achieve remarkable, comprehensive, and natural-looking results. Dr. Mentz has received numerous awards and global recognition for his surgical excellence and his groundbreaking contributions to the field of aesthetic plastic surgery.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He has been certified as Cosmetic/Aesthetic Dentist under ENCODE, Mumbai. Doctor is interested in implementing Dental Implants in his practice Vighnaharta Dental Clinic is housing the finest diagnostic and treatment facilities. The clinic is far superior to anything that is available in Wagholi, Pune. And will eliminate the need to travel to the city for high end, specialized dental care. Everything from High end Equipment, Highly qualified staff, and the capabilities to handle complex procedures will be available right under one roof.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He has expertise in Cosmetic Procedures, Hair transplant, Hand Surgery & Onco Reconstruction Procedure. He has special interest in Maxillofacial Reconstructive Procedure. He is a Smile Train accredited Plastic Surgeon & does annual 180-200 Cleft Surgery every year.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Coopwood graduated from University of Texas Southwestern Medical Center Southwestern Medical School in 1993 and has been in practice for 25 years. He currently practices at Etmc First Physicians Clinic and is affiliated with East Texas Medical Center Jacksonville. Dr. Coopwood accepts multiple insurance plans including Aetna, Medicare and Humana. Dr. Coopwood also practices at East Tx Medical Center Jacksonville in Jacksonville, TX. In addition to English, Dr. Coopwood's practice supports this language: Spanish.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Her educational background includes a dual Master of Public Health and Master of Health Sciences/Physician Assistant program at the George Washington University in Washington D.C. She is a member of the AAPA, the national professional society for PAs.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He aims at getting patients and athletes, young and old, back to their active lifestyles.He specializes in treating all types of shoulder pain, hip and knee pain, as well as elbow and ankle sports-related injuries. He is also an integral part of the Miami Institute for Joint Reconstruction (www.miamiorthodoc.com), the largest Orthopaedic Group in Miami-Dade County.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Her background and expertise include more than 20 years of health education, health care service, and leadership in community-based practice and program management in high need \u2013 low resource communities in the Midwest and West Coast. Karen is the co-director of the Racial Equity Pilot Project, California Maternal Quality Care Collaborative, Stanford University School of Medicine and a clinician scientist at the UC San Francisco and San Francisco State University Social Innovation Urban Opportunity Lab.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Dr. Miller graduated from University of Alabama School of Medicine in 2009 and has been in practice for 9 years. He completed a residency at Uab Hospital. Dr. Miller accepts multiple insurance plans including Aetna, Humana and Cigna. In addition to English, Dr. Miller's practice supports this language: Spanish.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He began practicing in 1996. He is professionally interested in minimally invasive shoulder procedures and outpatient shoulder arthroplasty. He uses the most advanced surgical and non-surgical techniques available to help his patients return to a normal lifestyle more quickly and with fewer complications.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Berke graduated from University of Michigan Medical School in 1957 and has been in practice for 61 years. He completed a residency at Mayo Clinic and Medical School.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She does not believe in just treating symptoms. Dr Stoica received her MD from Bucharest Medical School in Romania in 2008. She then completed a residency in family medicine in Bucharest. She became a metabolic balance coach in 2010 and is participating in different nutrition and integrative medicine courses. She uses an integrative holistic approach to wellness utilizing conventional medicine and evidence-based complementary therapies.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " She practices in Claremont, New Hampshire and has the professional credentials of PA. The NPI Number for Rinabahen Bharat Patel is 1710312384 and she holds a License No. 0975 (New Hampshire).", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Lee Mei Lan practices at Ma Kuang Chinese Medicine & Research Centre Pte Ltd (Tampines 503) in Tampines, Singapore and Ma Kuang Chinese Medicine & Research Centre Pte Ltd (Ghim Moh) in Buona Vista, Singapore. She is a member of Singapore Chinese Physicians' Association. Some of the services provided by the her are: Treatment for Neurological Disorders,Pain Management Counseling,Treatment for Ophthalmological and Otolaryngology Disorders,Treatments for Orthopedic Conditions and Treatment for Gastrointestinal Disorders etc.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " She has been passionate about caring for the underserved and vulnerablepopulations. As a geriatrician, she advocates for medical practitioners to address end of life care and sexual dysfunction in the elderly population. She has worked serving the chronically ill, homeless and uninsured communities of the greater Washington DCarea. Through a Substance Abuse and Mental Health Service Administration grant, she has helped integrate primary care to the mental ill. She has also worked in inner-city Chicago; in both cities she worked with immigrant communities using her fluent Arabic and Spanish language skills to provide care to the community. She currently works with underserved communities in the West Side of Los Angeles. She offers health care to the homeless and is pursuing a career in end of life care.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " With over 20 years of experience, Dr. Hildreth moved to the clinic after establishing a solid orthopedic program at The Methodist Hospital System. His work has contributed to advances in the treatment of small bone and joint conditions. He has mentored many of the medical community's brightest hand and upper extremity surgeons and continues to earn much respect within the Orthopaedic community as an associate professor at the Methodist Hospital and Weill Cornell University.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She practices in Brewton, Alabama and has the professional credentials of M.D.. The NPI Number for Dr. Carole C Lane is 1477501633 and she holds a License No. 00011195 (Alabama).", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He received is medical degree from Saint Louis University School of Medicine and was voted into the Alpha Omega Alpha (AOA) National medical honor society.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Additionally, Dr. Kaufman has earned the Maintenance of Certification\u00ae from the American Board of Medical Specialties (ABMS) for his commitment to ongoing medical learning and education, and an even higher commitment to quality patient care.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Consultations can be arranged with Mr Shad at Core or at his private practices in Warwickshire (please note that no operative procedures are carried out at Core).", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " In his podcast, Nii interviews ordinary doctors doing extraordinary things. Nii\u2019s guests have broken the typecast of doctors as just being doctors. He has interviewed physicians that are also media moguls, activists and trend setters. He has also recently written a book and manages a locums company. In between all of this, he and his amazing OB/GYN wife, Renee, paid off over 662,000 dollars in student loans!", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She has worked on issues related to sexual violence - particularly Female Genital Mutilation in Egypt. She has also published several books in Egypt and contributed chapters to other publications. Her most recent research was on the response of the medico-legal system in Egypt to sexual violence. She is a board member of the New Woman Foundation, which is one of the few NGOs in Egypt to break the silence around issues of violence against women including Female Genital Cutting which are otherwise considered taboo.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " She uses botanical medicine, diet and lifestyle, supplements and hormones, light therapy, yoga poses and breathwork to help people take back their lives.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Her mindfulness practice started in the late 1980s. Before becoming a full-time mindfulness teacher, she was a board certified OB/GYN at the Humboldt University of Berlin, Germany. She also holds a PhD in psychosomatic medicine from Humboldt University. Dr. Wolf is a certified senior mindfulness-based stress reduction (MBSR) teacher and supervisor for the Center for Mindfulness at University of Massachusetts Medical School. She is the director of MBSR programs at InsightLA, a Los Angeles-based nonprofit, and the director of the VA CALM program at the VA Greater Los Angeles Healthcare System, training staff and clinicians in mindfulness and how to teach it.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He has been practicing medicine for 30 years. As a decorated member of his profession, Dr. Pillersdorf has been on the prestigious list of Miami Metro Magazine\u2019s \u201cBest Doctors in South Florida\u201d five times.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Souweidane on the Weill Cornell Pediatric Brain and Spine team. Therese attended the University of Hartford, where she majored in biology, minored in psychology, and graduated with a Bachelor of Science degree. After graduation she became a nationally certified EMT and worked in the emergency room at Stamford Hospital as a technician with a focus on trauma and cardiac.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " As a medical doctor, she struggled with how to \"heal\" her daughter and cope with a chronic illness for which there was no cure and one that would surely impact family relationships. Through the support of... Read More \u2192", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He is double board certified by the American Board of Facial Plastic and Reconstructive Surgery and The American Board of Otolaryngology \u2013 Head and Neck Surgery. His practice focuses on aesthetic and functional surgery of the nose and face.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Shaun is autistic, but he also has savant syndrome, a condition in which he has prodigious abilities and talent. In Shaun\u2019s case he knows everything there is to know about anatomy and can notice an unknown anomaly disregarded by others. Shaun\u2019s story begins in California, at San Jose St. Bonaventure hospital, where he is hired as a doctor by his good friend Dr. Glassman. As Shaun\u2019s story goes on, he saves lives and advances in his surgical expertise. All in all, the show is new and exciting along with unique.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He practices in Chandler, Arizona and has the professional credentials of M.D.. The NPI Number for Dr. Truman Dean Plainer is 1134261373 and he holds a License No. 4589 (Arizona).", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He is the director of the Department of Vascular Surgery at the DERMATOLOGIKUM Hamburg. He has performed over 4000 endovenous procedures with the VNUS Closure system and more than 3000 procedures with the Closure FAST system. At present he performed more VNUS Closure FAST catheter procedures than anywhere else in the whole of Europe. The Vascular Surgery Department at DERMATOLOGIKUM is the European training centre for practitioners of the VNUS Closure FAST catheter system. Dr. Alm is involved in the Multicentre Closure FAST study and the new RFS catheter study.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He became board certified in 2005, and he testified as an expert witness in this case. Fitzke opined that the most appropriate action under the circumstances was to initiate CPR, rather than positional changes, because Cody was [24 Neb.App. 137] in cardiac arrest. He testified that, ...", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Her writing has appeared in The New York Times and Global Post, among others. Samir Sheth runs business operations and growth at the startup News Deeply. They're married and reside in New York City.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Honored as one of American\u2019s Best Neurosurgeons for 8 consecutive years in America\u2019s Best Doctors, he has published over 250 scientific papers, 8 books and 40 book chapters. He also sits on the editorial board of 5 medical journals. His research has focused on the prevention and treatment of injuries and diseases of the brain and spine. He currently serves as Medical Advisor for Nordic Naturals.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He practices in Apo, Armed Forces Americas and has the professional credentials of DO. The NPI Number for Jared Russel Fuller is 1669649117 and he holds a License No. DO1717 (Nevada).", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He is a Diplomate of the American Board of Orthopaedic Surgery and a member of the American Association of Orthopaedic Surgeons. In addition to his private practice, he serves on staff at Cedar Sinai Medical Center and Olympia Medical Center as well as on the the faculty of Harbor/UCLA Medical Center.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Recent developments in medical imaging technology let doctors see inside patients in realtime without having to conduct invasive probes with cameras on the end of wires. Unlike with x-rays they can use thermal imaging to produce a 3-D active map of a patient's flesh, not just snapshots of their skeleton. They can even track the progress of individual cells through the body. Dr McNider found that this technology was brilliant, especially when combined with a VR headset which let him work while looking at the patient rather than having to study a flat monitor and try to relate it to the body under his hands.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She is Kainai from the Blackfoot Confederacy. Esther is currently the Senior Medical Officer for the Alberta Indigenous Health Strategic Care Network, and continues to work in Alberta's Stand Off community clinic as well as the ER in Cardston. Dr. Tailfeathers has worked in many Indigenous communities across the country, and is celebrated for the cultural empathy that she brings to her practice. She is very proud of her two children; Elle-Maija and Piinaakoyim.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He has been instrumental in the introduction of transperineal prostate biopsy as an alternative to transrectal biopsy, to reduce infection rates after biopsy. Jeremy is conducting multiple clinical research projects on prostate biopsy and heads the Victorian Transperineal Biopsy Collaboration (VTBC) research group. In this article, Jeremy discusses the techniques and advantages of transperineal biopsy.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She first was introduced to wilderness medicine as a patient when she was a thru hiker on the Appalachian Trail. As fate would have it she returned to Roanoke, to complete a residency in emergency medicine and and fellowship in wilderness medicine at the same hospital where she was taken 10 years prior. Research interests include altitude physiology and pathophysiology, and long distance hiker health. Jessie is also passionate about expanding emergency and wilderness medical education in Nepal. Her interests include backpacking, mountaineering, cycling, animal rescue and rock and roll music.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He qualified as an orthopaedic surgeon in Queensland and then undertook further spinal training under world-renowned spinal surgeon John Webb in Nottingham, England.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He has attended Rhinoplasty workshop held at Oman & took a course in Advanced Facial Rejuvenation Surgery held at Singapore. These all workshops help him to keep his skills updated", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He is chief-of-staff at the Campbell Clinic, as well as a professor and director of the sports medicine fellowship program in the University of Tennessee-Campbell Clinic Department of Orthopaedic Surgery & Biomedical Engineering. He also was director of that department\u2019s residency program for 10 years. Dr. Azar is the team physician for the NBA Memphis Grizzlies and was selected as the 2012 Team Physician of the Year by the athletic trainers from all 30 NBA teams. He also serves as a team physician for the University of Memphis, Christian Brothers University, and Christian Brothers High School sports teams.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " A former professional baseball player within the Toronto Blue Jays organization, he has a personal passion for sports and wants his work to have a positive impact on the athletes of today and tomorrow. As part of the MedStar Sports Medicine team, Dr. Looze is a team physician for the Baltimore Orioles.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " From a materialistic paradigm, his brain got infected with E.Coli bacteria. His brain\u2019s cortical surface tissue was completely shut down as a result of the bacterial attack. He was brought back to normal brain functioning in a few days through antibiotics. During these few days of non-normal brain functioning, he saw things that could materialistically only be described as hallucination. Without new inputs coming into his brain, he was perhaps experiencing self-reflective memories from the still functioning middle part of the brain, the thalamus and the brainstem.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Mitchell has served on the Board of Counselors for AAOS and served in the U.S. Air Force. While in the Air Force he was a Chief of Surgery, Chief of Orthopedics and a Deputy Chief of Medical Staff. He received his medical degree from Harvard Medical School and his orthopedic residency at Ohio State University. He completed a foot and ankle fellowship in Sydney, Australia, and is certified by the American Board of Orthopaedic Surgery.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He graduated from The Ohio State University College of Medicine and then served two residencies, one in general surgery at Wayne State University in Michigan and the other in plastic surgery at OSU Medical Center. He also studied plastic surgery as part of an exchange program at the Royal College of Surgeons in Edinburgh, Scotland. Dr. Robinson belongs to the Franklin County Medical Society, the Ohio State Medical Association, American Medical Association, the Zollinger Society, and the Landacre Society.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Board-certified in preventive medicine, Dr. Kohlstadt earned a Master\u2019s Degree in Public Health Epidemiology and an undergraduate degree in biochemistry. She is a Fellow of the American College of Nutrition and a Fellow of the American College of Preventive Medicine.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " She also serves as an Assistant Professor at Case Western Reserve University School of Medicine in Cleveland. Her specialty interests include infert...", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He is UW Medicine's chief of Neurological Surgery, co-director of Skull Base and Minimally Invasive Neurosurgery and surgical director of the Multi-Disciplinary Pituitary Program. Dr. Ferreira is also a UW associate professor of Neurological Surgery.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He received his medical degree from University of Virginia School of Medicine and has been in practice for more than 20 years. He is one of 2 doctors at Bon Secours-DePaul Medical Center and one of 12 at Sentara Leigh Hospital who specialize in Plastic Surgery.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Upon graduating with a Medical Degree from the University of Alberta, he completed a residency in Plastic and Reconstructive Surgery through the University of British Columbia. He then traveled to Switzerland, where he trained in cosmetic surgery at one of the few key clinics involved in the study and introduction of liposuction to the medical community. Since then he has been a key contributor to the advancement of the science and art of cosmetic surgery, expert in all facets of this surgery.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " After completing her residency training, she maintained a faculty appointment for ten years at the University of Illinois College Of Medicine. Upon leaving the University, she spent several years in private practice before joining the Christian Community Health Center, where she served as the Chief Medical Officer during the final year of her tenure. She is currently working in a hospital-based practice in the Chicago South Suburbs.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " In 2010, she graduated from the United States Air Force Academy with a bachelor of science degree in biology. She then went on to serve five years in the Air Force as a communications officer before she obtained her master of science in physician assistant studies from Northern Arizona University in 2017.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Dr. Brian Hoh specializes in cerebrovascular and endovascular neurosurgery. He has earned numerous awards for his research and teaching over the years. He has earned three recognitions in 2012 alone, including the University of Florida Clinical and Translational Science Institute's Novel Technologies Award. Dr. Brian Hoh also recently received the Byron Cone Pevehouse, MD, Award for Socio-Economic Research, an honor conferred by the American Association of Neurological Surgeons.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He practices in South Charleston, West Virginia and has the professional credentials of PA-C. The NPI Number for John Wright is 1467876623 and he holds a License No. 00421 (West Virginia).", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Dr. Keeler graduated from University of Kansas School of Medicine in 1990 and has been in practice for 27 years. He completed a residency at University of North Carolina Health System. He currently practices at Loveland Surgical Associates and is affiliated with McKee Medical Center. Dr. Keeler accepts multiple insurance plans including Aetna, Rocky Mountain Health Plans and Medicare. Dr. Keeler also practices at McKee Medical Center in Loveland, CO.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He practices in Ardmore, Pennsylvania and has the professional credentials of MD. The NPI Number for Dr. Jason David Bloom is 1184780108 and he holds a License No. MD432401 (Pennsylvania).", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Dr. Dilustro graduated from Eastern Virginia Medical School in 1983 and has been in practice for 35 years. He completed a residency at University of Pennsylvania Health System. He currently practices at Childrens Hospital of The Kings Daughters and is affiliated with Children's Hospital of The King's Daughter. Dr. Dilustro accepts multiple insurance plans including Aetna, Medicare and Humana. In addition to English, Dr. Dilustro's practice supports these languages: Vietnamese, German, Spanish, Korean and French.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She provides personalized and comprehensive care by leveraging her experience, dermatology expertise and commitment to patient satisfaction. She treats a variety of skin disorders in patients of all ages, ranging from acne and rashes to skin cancers.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He believes vigilance in discerning the subtle signs of heart health can prevent life-threatening cardiac conditions. Anyone who has questions about heart health but doesn't know who to talk to can call Carrie Snyder, cardiac nurse navigator, at 844-316-3334 or go to www.beebehealthcare.org/cardiothoracic.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " On October 3, 2017, Dr. Angelo successfully defended his Ph.D. thesis, \"Proficiency-Based Progression Training - Quality Assured Preparation for the Practice of Surgery\" at University College Cork (UCC), Ireland:", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Well trained in Neurosurgery ICU management, management of trauma, head injury, he has skills in outpatient management of all Neurosurgery cases. He has served as assistant professor at various institutions in and around Bengaluru and also has few publications in reputed journals to his record.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " On average, patients gave her a rating of 4.5 stars out of 5. She is an in-network provider for Medicare insurance. Dr. Hoskin attended medical school at Georgetown University School of Medicine.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " She has written and lectured extensively on HIV, STDs, and other sexual health issues to students from elementary school through college and medical school.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He has been the team neurosurgeon for the Pittsburgh Steelers since 1982. Dr. Maroon is an expert and consultant in the areas of sports nutrition, concussion management, and brain and spinal problems. He is an internationally competing Ironman triathlete.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He believes in a multidisciplinary approach to care for patients affected by head and neck cancers. He uses minimally invasive surgical approaches for a variety of different tumors. His areas of expertise include:", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Jaureguito graduated from Saint Louis University School of Medicine in 1989 and has been in practice for 56 years. He completed a residency at Orthopedic Specialty Hospital. Dr. Jaureguito also specializes in Internal Medicine and Sports Medicine. He currently practices at Form Hand Wrist and Elbow Institute and is affiliated with Washington Hospital. Dr. Jaureguito accepts multiple insurance plans including Aetna, Medicare and Humana. Dr. Jaureguito also practices at Michael Krinsky MD in Castro Valley, CA.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Meyers graduated from Case Western Reserve University School of Medicine in 1989 and has been in practice for 28 years. He completed a residency at University Hospital. Dr. Meyers also specializes in Vascular & Interventional Radiology. He currently practices at Columbia University and is affiliated with New York Presbyterian Columbia University Medical Center and New York Presbyterian Westchester. Dr. Meyers accepts multiple insurance plans including Aetna, MVP Health Plan and Empire Blue Cross Blue Shield. Dr. Meyers also practices at Neurosurgical Associates P C in Ridgewood, NJ.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She grew up in western Washington, and after completing an undergraduate degree in International Studies at the University of Washington, attended medical school in Guadalajara, Mexico, where she was able to learn Spanish and travel while completing a basic science curriculum. After completing her clinical rotations in New York, she returned to Yakima where she was able to use her Spanish skills. Dr. Snyder enjoys snow skiing, reading and traveling. She hopes to rekindle an enjoyment of the outdoors and learn to water ski between working and spending time with her family. Her special interests are maternity and newborn care", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Dr. Hamdi Benfayed is currently working at Benfayed D which is located at 95 Bayly St W, Ajax, ON, L1S 4E5. He provides treatment of disorders affecting the bones (skeletal system) and surrounding muscles, joints and ligaments including sports injuries. With over 31 positive reviews [\u2026]", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Foos joined Professional Orthopaedic Associates in 1996. After completing his bachelor\u2019s degree in biology and genetics at Stony Brook University in Stony Brook, New York, Dr. Foos went on to earn his medical degree from SUNY Upstate Medical University in Syracuse, New York. Thereafter, he finished his residency in orthopaedic surgery at Monmouth Medical Center in Long Branch, New Jersey, after which, Dr. Foos completed a sports medicine fellowship at Southern California Orthopedic Institute in Van Nuys, California. Dr. Foos is certified by the American Board of Orthopaedic Surgery.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Capella graduated from State University of New York Downstate Medical Center College of Medicine in 1991 and has been in practice for 20 years. He completed a residency at St Lukes Roosevelt Hospital Center. Dr. Capella also specializes in Surgery. He currently practices at Surgical Weight Reduction PC and is affiliated with Hackensack University Medical Center. In addition to English, Dr. Capella's practice supports this language: Spanish.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He holds a degree of MCh in neurosurgery. He is a member of American College of Surgeons, Association of Neuroscientists of Eastern India, Indian medical association, Indian society of stereotactic & functional neurosurgery, Indian spinal cord society, the neurological society of India, International society for the study of pain and many other. He has a fellowship on spine, vascular neurosurgery, microneurosurgery, spine and peripheral nerve, advanced trauma care. He is presently practicing in Calcutta Medical Research Institute Monday to Friday 9:30 am- 5:30 pm. Consultation fees for this doctor INR 900-1100.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She joined Primary Health Group-Ironbridge in 1986 after completing her family practice residency at Thomas Jefferson University Hospital in Philadelphia, Pa. She earned her medical degree at VCU\u2019s Medical College of Virginia.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " His clinical expertise includes aortic valve surgery, TAVR, coronary artery bypass grafting, mitral valve surgery, thoracic aortic surgery, thoracoabdominal aortic surgery, and minimally invasive/robotic procedures. Dr. Schaffer graduated from the Johns Hopkins University School of Medicine and is a member of Alpha Omega Alpha Honor Medical Society. He completed his residency and fellowship in Cardiothoracic Surgery at Stanford Hospital and Clinics. While there, he received recognition for his outstanding work, including the President\u2019s Award from the Society of Thoracic Surgeons and the Norman E. Shumway award from the Western Thoracic Surgical Association. Dr. Schaffer\u2019s office is located in the professional office building on the campus of The Heart Hospital Baylor Plano. He is currently welcoming new patients.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She is Board Certified in Family Medicine, Neuromusculoskeletal Medicine, and Osteopathic Manipulative Medicine. Her mission is to teach patients how to find and promote health within themselves.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He specializes in the treatment of various orthopedic conditions including those of shoulder, knee and hip, wrist, hand, and elbow. The website is specially designed for his patients and provides comprehensive information on orthopedic conditions & treatments. In addition to this, the site provides information on appointments, driving directions, contact details, and much more.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Their mission is to treat all patients in a professional and timely manner. Best results depend on precise diagnosis, a full elucidation of the therapeutic options and expectations and, finally, an accurate implementation of the selected method, whether surgical or non-surgical. All these are goals which Dr. Howard has excelled in achieving, owing to his level of expertise and training to become the best one-stop place for affordable shoulder surgery options in Fountain Valley and throughout the nation.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Her music is inspirational and songs from the first 3 vocal CDs were compiled into this CD released in 2005. Tears to Joy CD was dedicated to her father who died of cancer in 1998 and A Warrior's Heart, her first CD in 1995 was a favorite of patients who were battling cancer and needing encouragement. Patients and others who have listened to her music have experienced healing of emotional pain,improved mood, and feeling God's love and presence. WhiteStone Ministries, a non-profit music ministry started in Milwaukee, WI where she practiced in Oncology before moving back to Hawaii in 1998. She sings and plays piano for a healing ministry in Hawaii and continues in her work with cancer patients.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " His main interests are rhinoplasty, facial and eyelid surgery, and breast surgery. Peter is committed to the exchange of ideas between Plastic Surgeons and ENT surgeons particularly in the field of rhinoplasty.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Michael\u2019s Hospital. His interest is in the care of fractures, post-traumatic reconstruction and malunion/nonunion. He has a particular interest in randomized clinical trials in fracture care, especially of the upper extremity.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He is a pioneer in surgical technique to improve aortic and valve surgery for patients with Marfan syndrome. He has held leadership positions at hospitals and academic institutions, including Washington University School of Medicine, University of Alabama at Birmingham School of Medicine, St. Louis Regional Medical Center, St. Louis, Missouri and Missouri Baptist Medical Center. Dr. Kouchoukos is a graduate of Washington University School of Medicine in St. Louis. From 1961 to 1967, he served in the Unites States Air Force. In 2016, he was named Endowed Chair in Cardiovascular and Thoracic Services at Missouri Baptist Medical Center.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She is a blogger, YouTuber, and the creator of BalanceFitnessOnline, geared to connect with, motivate, and educate like-minded individuals. Her goal is to share her fitness journey, health and wellness tips, and fun travel videos to motivate all to \u201cbalance fitness, health, and happiness.\u201d Find her on YouTube and Instagram @balancefitnessonline!", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Dr. Muche's professional affiliations include Oregon Medical Group, PeaceHealth Sacred Heart Medical Center at RiverBend, and PeaceHealth Sacred Heart Medical Center University District. She is a graduate of American University of the Caribbean School of Medicine. She is in-network for Medicare insurance.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Dr. Ireland graduated from Indiana University School of Medicine in 1974 and has been in practice for 43 years. He completed a residency at St Vincent Hospital Health Center. He currently practices at Iu Health Physicians Womens Health and is affiliated with IU Health North Hospital. Dr. Ireland accepts multiple insurance plans including Aetna, SIHO Insurance Services and Indiana University. In addition to English, Dr. Ireland's practice supports these languages: French and Spanish.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She practices in Aurora, Missouri and has the professional credentials of PA-C. The NPI Number for Katelyn Maben is 1447640123 and she holds a License No. 2015002491 (Missouri).", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " In 2012, Dr. Tator joined the Board of Parachute, after its amalgamation with ThinkFirst. He is a professor of neurosurgery at the Toronto Western Hospital and University of Toronto, where he has held two research chairs. He is also a neuroscientist with a brain and spinal cord regeneration laboratory and has a PhD in neuropathology. He has published many articles on injury prevention with a focus on prevention of brain injuries and spinal cord injuries.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He is MD from the University of Chicago Pritzker School of Medicine. He acquires the excellence in the area of Breast and Vascular Surgery and remains involved in Clinical Trials Division to innovate the new surgical procedures. He also gives presentations on the topics related to the Plastic Surgery. For his Post-Medical School Training, he joined the University of Wisconsin as a Resident of General Surgery. He also worked as a Resident of Plastic Surgery from Indiana University. Dr. Kilgo is the member of The American Society of Plastic Surgeons (ASPS) and the Fellow American College of Surgeons which confirms his experience to handle the procedures with accuracy. His fellowship in Breast Surgery at Gloucester Royal Hospital shows his dedication to pursue the Plastic Surgery with the best knowledge.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Work life includes work at the Fort Family Practice Clinic, Langley Maternity Clinic, and inpatient medical care at Langley Memorial Hospital. Home life includes a marriage of 16 years with 2 children aged 7 and 9. She is a member of The Salvation Army Willows Church in Langley, where she is involved in discipleship leadership. She has lived in 8 cities across Canada, enjoys outdoor activities, and spends most summer weekends camping outside of Gibsons, where she met her husband more than half a lifetime ago.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " She is a native of Scottsdale, AZ and a graduate of Paradise Valley High School. She received her B.S. degree in Physiological Sciences from the University of Arizona. Prior to graduate school, she worked in Physical Therapy and as a Certified Personal Trainer. It was at this time that she discovered her passion for the art of natural healing through Chiropractic Medicine.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He received his medical degree cum laude at the medical school in Milan, Italy. This included three months of research at Washington University Medical School on pancreatic islet transplantation, the subject of his thesis. Dr. Malvezzi then transferred to New Jersey, where he obtained a research fellowship in vascular surgery at Morristown Memorial Hospital, where he also completed his general surgery residency as a Chief Resident. He then came to Nicklaus Children\u2019s Hospital, currently Nicklaus Children's Hospital, where he completed his pediatric surgery fellowship.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She practices in Fpo, Armed Forces Europe and has the professional credentials of MD. The NPI Number for Dr. Tara Jean Zieber is 1962597062 and she holds a License No. A64078 (California).", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " His area of interest is minimally invasive neurosurgery. Dr. Ross has trained and lectured in North America, Europe and South America \u2026 continuously seeking the best, least invasive treatments for his patients and sharing his experience with other doctors.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " A native Minnesotan, Grande enjoys caring for Minnesotans and feels a great sense of community and affinity to the University of Minnesota. His clinical interests are in the treatment of cerebral vascular diseases using either open vascular or endovascular techniques. He has specific interests in the treatment of complex aneurysms, arteriovenous malformations (AVMs) and Moya Moya disease. Grande also treats trigeminal neuralgia and regularly collaborates with other departments to determine the best treatment options for his patients. Grande also co-directs the Earl Grande Stroke and Stem Cell Laboratory at the University of Minnesota.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Rynning graduated from Jefferson Medical College at Thomas Jefferson University in 2002 and has been in practice for 11 years. He currently practices at Helix Orthopedics Group and is affiliated with Alvarado Hospital Medical Center. Dr. Rynning accepts multiple insurance plans including Aetna, Medicare and Sharp Health Plan. Dr. Rynning also practices at Alvarado Orthopaedic Medical in Coronado, CA.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Romness currently serves as the Vice-Chairman of the Department of Orthopedic Surgery at Virginia Hospital Center. He earned his medical degree from Eastern Virginia Medical School after graduating with a B.S. from the University of Richmond and completed his surgical and orthopedic training at the Mayo Clinic in Rochester, MN. A past president of both the Virginia and Washington Orthopedic Societies, Dr. Romness is active in a number of professional medical organizations. Dr. Romness has published multiple peer review articles and been named a recipient of the Kenmore Award for Resident Education at Georgetown University Medical Center where he serves as a clinical Assistant Professor for residents and medical students.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He is board certified in plastic and reconstructive surgery with subspecialty training in Hand Surgery, Microvascular Surgery, Maxillofacial surgery, Burns, and Oncologic Reconstruction. His special interests include Brachial Plexus and Peripheral Nerve Surgery, Hand Surgery and Microsurgery.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She practices in Tucson, Arizona and has the professional credentials of MD. The NPI Number for Lisa Jennifer Hazard is 1477633386 and she holds a License No. 42470 (Arizona).", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " She obtained her M.D. from the University of Milan and holds a MSc in Public Health from University of London/LSHTM and a medical doctorate from Charit\u00e9, Berlin. She has been working on the implications of sex and gender in biomedical and public health research since 2003, first during her postdoc years at UC Davis, USA and since 2009 at the Institute of Gender in Medicine in Berlin. She developed the first systematic database on sex and gender-specific literature and co-edited one of the first textbooks on gender medicine. She has authored more than 40 publications in the field.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " A local member of the community from Sleepy Hollow, NY, Dr. Weitzen is also highly trained in trauma center and emergency situations. He's contributed highly to the group's ongoing success rate and confidently assures every patient that Hudson Valley Surgical Group's services will meet or exceed their needs and that they will be satisfied with the results.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She provides culturally sensitive antenatal care in both English and Arabic to many of Sanctuary\u2019s expectant mothers. She enjoys delivering the first-generation of Canadian babies for refugee and newcomer patients.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " She holds a masters degree in Physician Assistant Studies, a national license to practice family medicine with the NCCPA, and is currently licensed to practice in Utah. Her undergraduate degrees are in Foreign Languages and Business.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He received his training as an orthopaedic surgeon in Singapore and advanced training in the areas of shoulder, knee, sports and arthroscopic surgery at the University of Washington in the United States.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He is known for putting into practice the techniques of gastroscopy, colonoscopy and abdominal ultrasound. Dr. Ruiz Carrillo was the principal investigator in clinical trials of diverticulitis and reflux esophagitis, and has actively participated in the elaboration of pharmaco-therapeutic guidelines. Top Doctors", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He completed his Masters in general surgery from KEM hospital Mumbai and thereafter completed his formal neurosurgical training from VS hospital Ahmedabad, India. He has a, World Federation of Neurosurgery (WFNS) supported, fellowship in \u0093Advanced Microvascular & Endoscopic Neurosurgery\u0094 from Fujita Health University, Japan to his credit. He is very enthusiastic about minimally invasive neurosurgery (keyhole and sutureless neurosurgery) and practices and pursues it passionately.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Berend is also a part of the Franciscan Physician Network, based in Mooresville, Ind. He has completed fellowships in joint replacement surgery and sports medicine.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " His main interests are spinal problems and brain tumours, including tumours of the skull base and pituitary gland. He works on all aspects of spinal disease interest him including infection, tumours, trauma and degenerative / wear and tear conditions. In particular, he is interested in the role of minimally invasive spinal surgery in treating people with spinal problems having witnessed the advantages of keyhole techniques in his own people. Richard completed a fellowship in Brisbane, Australia where he became skilled in all aspects minimally invasive spinal techniques and along with Mr. Trivedi, has built up a large minimally invasive spinal practice here in Cambridge.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He is currently a professor and the head of the Oral and Maxillofacial Surgery at the University of Toronto. In 1985, Dr. Clokie earned his Doctorate in Dental Surgery, and a Ph.D. in bone regeneration from Mcgill University had soon followed.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Practising at the London Neurosurgery Partnership and King's College Hospital, where he serves as clinical lead. He is also lead for neurovascular surgery, specialising in vascular problems of the brain and spinal cord as well as spinal problems that cause sciatica, arm pain and back pain. In 2006 he became the first surgeon in Britain to carry out a non-occlusive cerebral vascular bypass operation, his team re-routed the blood su...", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She is a partner physician at North Orlando Spine Center in Longwood, Florida. Her focus on evidence based non-surgical treatments for patients with back pain, neck pain, headaches, and other complaints. She graduated Valedictorian of Palmer College of Chiropractic in Port Orange, Florida and presently dedicates herself to patient care, community education, and proper integration with the medical community. This has recently included lecturing to The University of Central Florida Masters in Nursing Program on Triaging Mechanical Low Back Pain and to local medical practitioners on The Neurology of Pain and Manipulation. Amanda spends her free time traveling, hiking and exercising with her husband.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Dr. Reiner graduated from Johns Hopkins University School of Medicine in 1974 and has been in practice for 43 years. He completed a residency at St Lukes Roosevelt Hospital. He currently practices at Laparoscopic Surgical Center of NY and is affiliated with Mount Sinai Hospital of Queens and The Mount Sinai Hospital. In addition to English, Dr. Reiner's practice supports these languages: French and Spanish.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Jones graduated from University of South Carolina School of Medicine Columbia in 2004 and has been in practice for 14 years. He currently practices at Ghs Umg Division of Thoracic Surgery and is affiliated with Greenville Memorial Medical Campus. Dr. Jones accepts multiple insurance plans including Aetna, BCBS South Carolina and Medicare. In addition to English, Dr. Jones's practice supports this language: Spanish.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She has practiced chiropractic for almost two decades and owns a yoga studio in Idaho. The two practices connect structural stability with the true core of well-being. As a doctor, she brings a hearty helping of nurturing nerdiness to her classes. Her venue is a colorful mix of teaching. She teaches anatomy to students at yoga teacher trainings, yoga for medical professionals\u2019 classes, and creative writing classes with yoga-inspired exploration. She pines for a view of the Montana skies and the smell of Idaho mint from her road bike. Pedicures in the shade of Rocktoberfest are her favorite self-care indulgence.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Dr. Hyde's expertise is in both open and minimally invasive surgical techniques. Besides performing surgical interventions, Dr. Hyde performs diagnostic and therapeutic injections for varying spinal disorders as part of conservative non-operative spinal care. He... M\u00e1s \u00bb", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He practices in Apo, Armed Forces Europe and has the professional credentials of DO. The NPI Number for Dr. Douglas R Hogoboom is 1083979801 and he holds a License No. 1144 (Nebraska).", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Dr. Monaco graduated from University of Illinois College of Medicine in 1972 and has been in practice for 46 years. He completed a residency at Evanston Hospital. He currently practices at Joseph Monaco MD and is affiliated with Advocate South Suburban Hospital. Dr. Monaco accepts multiple insurance plans including Aetna, Medicare and Cofinity.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She and her husband started one of the first integrated medical centers in Philadelphia in 1995. Mary Ann Settembrino has over twenty-five years of experience in facilitating over 1000 individuals and organizations to maximize their personal and professional potentials. She believes that \u201cthe world demands results \u2013 not excuses.\u201d Mary Ann Settembrino assists people in achieving success and fulfillment and in creating the future they desire. Her mastery of the methodology that produces prompt and sustainable results enables her to teach clients health strategies, performance strategies and the science of communication that produce the desired goals.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " She serves on the executive board of San Francisco Bay Area Physicians for Social Responsibility, is an Assistant Professor at the UCSF School of Medicine and a staff physician at Kaiser Permanente, Northern California. She was a past Senior Scientist for the NRDC, where she provided scientific expertise for policy and regulatory decisions on a number of toxic chemicals.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He is a specialist in joint replacement surgery, having completed a fellowship in joint replacement surgery at the Mayo Clinic in 2000. He also earned a Ph.D. in Mechanical Engineering from Stanford University in 1994. Dr. Giori is currently Associate Professor in the Department of Orthopedic Surgery at Stanford University. Dr. Giori\u2019s research interests involve orthopededic biomechanics, particularly with respect to the initiation and progression of osteoarthritis, and the design and functional assessment of joint replacements. He has published 69 peer reviewed articles and presented 80 abstracts at national or international meetings.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He specialises in the treatment of colon and rectal cancers. He also treats anal conditions such as piles, fistulae (abnormal connections) and fissures (tears).", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He\u2019s competent, successful, well-liked, defeated a bout of alcoholism a few year back, and has everything on track once again. But a relationship with the child of a former patient will derail this idyllic existence in the strangest of ways. Martin is an odd boy, someone who follows Steven where ever he goes, since the death of his father, perhaps replacing a lost loved one with a suitable stand-in. It\u2019s harmless at first, how much Martin needs Steven, how much he wants him to come to his house, meet him at a diner, go for drives, invite him over, buy him presents. It\u2019s simply not a situation that can last, and when it begins to change, Martin makes sure that Steven is punished.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He has extensive experience in surgical education as the Program Director for Mayo Clinic in Arizona's Adult Reconstruction Fellowship, and as Chair of Continuing Medical Education for the American Academy of Orthopaedic Surgeons. Dr. Clarke has over 75 peer-reviewed publications and has received multiple awards for his innovative work in orthopaedics.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " His area of expertise includes cancers of the upper gastrointestinal tract (oesophageal and gastric cancer), digestive conditions (acid reflux, hiatus hernia and achalasia), gallstones and hernias.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Hockman noted minimal back pain, persistent right leg pain since the 2002 surgery, and \u201csome\u201d left leg pain. Upon review of an MRI, Dr. Hockman felt the fusion was solid but was concerned that one of the pedicle screws on the right side might be partly in the neural foramen and impinging the nerve root on that side. He ordered a CT/myelogram to determine placement of the pedicle screws. A January 15, 2004 lumbar CT myelogram found all pedicle screws well-seated, but found a small broad based disc protrusion at L5-S1, causing a mild mass effect on the left S1 and probably to a lesser degree the right S1 nerve root.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He brings to Houston cutting-edge techniques in treating spine, back and neck pain, as well as complicated spinal disorders such as scoliosis in patients of all ages. He emphasizes a conservative and comprehensive philosophy in treating the spine, always focusing first on non-operative treatments. His surgical emphasis is on minimally invasive and motion-sparing techniques including disc replacement. By using muscle sparing approaches and smaller incisions patients benefit with decreased pain and faster return to activity. He has also designed an in-house back school , a program to treat back pain through core strengthening, improved posture, flexibility and overall fitness.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He received his medical degree from Medical University of Varna and has been in practice for 28 years. He is one of 33 doctors at Morristown Medical Center and one of 44 at Overlook Medical Center who specialize in...", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She practices in Gainesville, Florida and has the professional credentials of PA-C. The NPI Number for Mrs. Kerilyn Krake Derringer is 1720190127 and she holds a License No. PA9101709 (Florida).", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Dr. Antonacci graduated from Georgetown University School of Medicine in 1977 and has been in practice for 41 years. He currently practices at Lenox Hill Hospital and is affiliated with Lenox Hill Hospital Northwell Health. Dr. Antonacci accepts multiple insurance plans including Medicare, Humana and Oxford (UnitedHealthcare). Dr. Antonacci also practices at Vascular Surgery in New York, NY. In addition to English, Dr. Antonacci's practice supports these languages: German, Russian, Spanish, French, Arabic and Italian.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She practices in Birmingham, Alabama and has the professional credentials of RPT. The NPI Number for Leesa D Miles is 1053512590 and she holds a License No. 18552 (Alabama).", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " She attended Mount Holyoke College, the University of Freiburg and Tuft\u2019s Medical School, and she recently enrolled with the Oregon Health and Science University to \u2026 Continue reading \u2192", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He specializes in brain tumour surgery with the use of Image Guided Tumour Navigation Technology. He also specializes in Complex Spinal Surgeries along with Trauma and Critical Care surgeries. He is adept to handle trauma, accidental and head injury cases. Previous Experience : Working in PARAS Hospitals since 2009 with specialization in - Stereotactic Surgery, Neuronavigation, Endoscopic Surgery Specialty Interests: Neuronavigation / Stereotactic Surgery Endoscopic Surgery Complex Spinal Surgeries Trauma/Critical Care.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He has completed more than 2,000 surgeries in his 40 year career as a pediatric surgeon. His surgeries have changed children\u2019s lives for the better, and he has saved many of their lives. His expertise ranges from an entire array of diseases and ailments. He is a professional who values his fellow doctors and his patients more than anything else. His knowledge has been growing, and he continues to build on his large base of expertise. To add to his professional repertoire, he has invented two medical devices that are meant to make the profession safer and smoother for his fellow practitioners.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He practices in Fpo, Armed Forces Europe and has the professional credentials of M.D.. The NPI Number for Dr. Andrew Lamar Findley Jr. is 1861471245 and he holds a License No. 018559 (Louisiana).", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " She graduated medical school from the University of Texas Medical Branch at Galveston, where she also completed her residency in plastic surgery. Dr. Kargel completed a fellowship in hand surgery at UT Southwestern Medical Center.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Leaving his thirty year practice in Phoenix, he moved out to Batesville, Indiana, where he concentrated on writing and enjoying the Midwestern lifestyle. They have traveled extensively throughout Europe laying a solid historical foundation for The Oath while delving deeper into the reasons behind the Holocaust. His passions include Scuba diving, flying and exploring new environments. He presently serves as the President of the Batesville School Board and is active as a Director of the Ivy Tech Community College Foundation.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Solcher earned his Medical Degree with Honors in Surgery at the University of Texas Medical Branch in Galveston, Texas. He performed a Categorical Rotating Internship at John Peter Smith Hospital in Fort Worth, Texas. He completed an Orthopedic Surgery Residency, serving as Chief Resident in Orthopedic Surgery, as well as a member of the Utilization Review Committee, Ambulatory Care Committee, and Surgical Subcommittee, at the Department of Orthopaedic Surgery, John Peter Smith Hospital in Fort Worth, Texas. Dr. Solcher opted for Fellowship Training in Foot and Ankle Surgery at the Foundation for Orthopaedic, Athletic and Reconstructive Research at Houston, Texas.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Having most recently practiced at a large academic hospital emergency department at Massachusetts General Hospital in Boston, Janelle will continue her clinical pursuits in the emergency departments at both UNC Hospitals and UNC Hospitals Hillsborough.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " His clinical expertise includes aortic valve surgery, TAVR, coronary artery bypass grafting, mitral valve surgery, thoracic aortic surgery, thoracoabdominal aortic surgery, and minimally invasive/robotic procedures.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Hartman graduated from University of Minnesota Medical School in 1980 and has been in practice for 34 years. He completed a residency at University of Minnesota Health Care System. He currently practices at Twin Cities Orthopedics Burnsville and is affiliated with Fairview Ridges Hospital. Dr. Hartman accepts multiple insurance plans including Aetna, Medicare and Cigna. In addition to English, Dr. Hartman's practice supports this language: Spanish.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Alkon graduated from Boston University School of Medicine in 2000 and has been in practice for 17 years. He currently practices at Joseph David Alkon MD and is affiliated with Trinitas Hospital Williamson Campus.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He has been involved in several clinical trials, including one to study a revolutionary artificial disc for the lumbar spine. With nearly 16 years in academic and private practice, Dr. Peppers has extensive experience with all areas of spine surgery, including cervical, thoracic and lumbar disc herniation and stenosis; disc replacement; adult deformity surgery; failed spine surgery; trauma; and minimally invasive spine surgery.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " As a Board Certified plastic surgeon, he has served as both the Chief of Plastic Surgery at Orlando Regional Medical Center and the Vice-Chairman of the Department of Plastic Surgery at Florida Hospital.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Wodicka graduated from Medical College of Virginia Commonwealth University School of Medicine in 2010 and has been in practice for 7 years. He completed a residency at Jackson Health System. He currently practices at Holy Cross Medical Group Orthopedic Institute. Dr. Wodicka accepts multiple insurance plans including Aetna, Medicare and Humana. In addition to English, Dr. Wodicka's practice supports Spanish.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Faherty is also an assistant professor of pediatrics at the Boston University School of Medicine. Prior to joining RAND, she was a Robert Wood Johnson Clinical Scholar at the University of Pennsylvania.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He completed his surgical fellowship at Boston Children's and has treated pediatric surgery patients for nearly 30 years. Karlin's research interests include spinal deformities and improving the quality of life of children with musculoskeletal disorders. He is an Assistant Professor of Orthopedic Surgery at Harvard Medical School.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She was diagnosed with a terminal cancer during her medical training in 2012. During a re-hospitalization with sepsis in August 2013, she made a acute observation that anyone who has ever been a patient will likely recognize: not every person caring for her bothered to introduce who they were. Even more important, she also recognized the following:", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He also currently serves as the medical director of informatics at the Cleveland Clinic. He received his medical degree from Boston University in the prestigious accelerated medical program and completed his residency at the Massachusetts Eye and Infirmary Harvard Combined Program in Boston MA. Dr. Singh then completed a medical and surgical fellowship at the Cole Eye Institute in Cleveland Ohio.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " A bestselling author, he has also written two works of nonfiction. He currently lives with his family in Kenya, where he is serving as a full-time medical missionary.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She practices in Birmingham, Alabama and has the professional credentials of M.D.. The NPI Number for Dr. Ericka Campos Gullion is 1245557040 and she holds a License No. 32492 (Alabama).", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He is Board Certified and has been in practice for several years. He has done everything from eye lifts to buttock lifts and hair implants. Dr. Jejurikar is well educated and has written articles and given presentations. He is current on all educational aspects\u2026", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He holds MBBS, MHPE(HOLLand), FRCS(GLAS), FRCS(EDIN), FCPS(PAK) degree and has years of experience. Dr. Abdul Majeed Chaudhry currently practices in Doctors Hospital.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She treats pediatric hand trauma, sports-related hand and wrist injuries, congenital hand differences and peripheral nerve injuries for patients in the Dallas, Fort Worth and North Texas areas.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He is a member of the Washington Regional Transplant Community; serves as a cardiothoracic staff surgeon at INOVA Fairfax Hospital and consultant to Cardiac Vascular and Thoracic Surgery Associates, (CVTSA) in Falls Church, Virginia. He also holds an academic appointment as an assistant professor of surgery at the Uniformed Services University of the Health Sciences in Bethesda, Maryland.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Statistics on the new procedure are still sparse, Simonian said, but he helped collect data from European trials for one manufacturer of the equipment and presented the statistics at a medical meeting in Europe.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Ahmed also had to provide step-by-step visibility into the surgery for a number of medical students. This time, instead of using a 360 degree 4K camera\u2013like the setup he used back in April when he got all fancy-schmancy while removing a colon tumour\u2013he just slipped on a pair of Snapchat spectacles and had one of his assistants manning the recording and the uploading (one click each). Ahmed just sliced and diced while providing commentary throughout the series of 10 second clips. About 200 medical students followed the surgery as it occurred.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Primarily serving the cities of Los Angeles and Beverly Hills, his specialities at this time include facial de-aging surgeries, such as rhinoplasty, facelift, eyelid surgeries, neck and jawline rejuvenation. He is the go to guy to resolve revision of previous unsatisfactory surgeries for which he has been featured on television Prime", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Her experience\u200b brought to light how helpless she felt as a patient \u2014 reinforced by the actions and words of the doctors and staff caring for her, which also made Awdish reflect on how she practiced medicine. Awdish has been on a mission at Henry Ford to change this culture, starting with the minute a new employee steps through the door.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He specializes in post-traumatic, arthritic, and inflammatory conditions. Dr. Toolan also treats fractures, tendon and ligament injuries, and sports-related conditions. He provides care for patients with simple and complex problems. Dr. Toolan performed the first agility total ankle replacement in Chicago. Memberships American Association for Orthopaedic Foot and Ankle Surgeons American Association of Orthopaedic Surgeons American Orthopaedic Association American Orthopaedic Foot and Ankle Society Mid-America Orthopaedic Association", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He is the primary burn reconstruction surgeon for San Diego and Imperial counties and is recognized as one of the top burn reconstructive surgeons in the United States. He is one of the UCSD physicians who treated burn victims during the catastrophic Cedar Fire in San Diego County in 2003.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He has been elected to the Alpha Omega Alpha national honor society and is also a certified member of the American Board of Plastic Surgery. He has already shared his expert views on a number of online resources.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He offers lectures on plastic surgery at the UT Southwestern Medical Center in Dallas as a Professor. Dr. Rod Rohrich possesses unique artistic skills in surgery whereby he helps his patients restore youthfulness in their human body and face. He has showcased great determination in achieving the personal satisfaction of his patients. As a result, he has been termed as an exemplary plastic surgeon in the United States professionally and as an individual. Dr. Rohrich will be in attendance at various symposia in 2018. Here, he will give public lectures based on his expertise.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Fleischman trained in all facets of orthopedic surgery, with special emphasis on trauma, sports medicine, and joint replacement. He has special interest in total hip and knee replacement, partial knee replacement, minimally invasive surgical techniques, computer navigated surgery, arthroscopy, and up-to-date diagnostic modalities..", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " At Oak Street, he has served on leadership roles to develop clinic processes that improve the quality of preventive care delivery in a team based model of care. From 2011-2014, he led the multidisciplinary HIV primary care program at Lawndale Christian Health Center, a Federally Qualified Health Center (FQHC) on the west side of Chicago. He completed his medical school training at Northwestern University Feinberg School of Medicine, residency at Greater Lawrence Family Health Center in Lawrence, MA, and a primary care HIV fellowship at University of Southern California Pacific AIDS Education Training Center in Los Angeles, CA.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Johnson Veterans Affairs Hospital. He also serves on several committees at Sanford, including the medical management quality, multidisciplinary cancer center, physician-advisory, and surgery-ops committees.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Roundy has ongoing research projects in advanced Neuroimaging using High-Field 7 Tesla MRI; mobile technology in education; pre-operative, multispectral, high-resolution 3D modeling for simulated surgical planning, and bioabsorbable dural closure device for minimally-invasive surgery. His work interests include skullbase surgery, minimally-invasive intracranial and spinal surgery and neuroendoscopy. He graduated from University of Arizona in 2007.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He has been a member of the Gorman Cardiovascular Research Group since December 2015. Akito graduated from medical school in 2004 from the University of Tsukuba in Japan. He has a vast interest in every field of adult cardiac surgery, and is seeking every opportunity to become a better surgeon.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Winer completed his neurosurgery residency at the University of Southern California with a focus on epilepsy. Following his residency, he was the Shillito Fellow of Pediatric Neurosurgery at Boston Children\u2019s Hospital. Dr. Winer's focus on pediatric neurosurgery aligns with his research interests of cerebral development, traumatic brain injury, and neurorestoration, and he has many peer-reviewed publications on these topics. As a Massachusetts native, Dr. Winer is honored to be able to provide family-centered care for his community. In his spare time, Dr. Winer loves to bike, ski, cook and be outdoors with his family.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He graduated with honors from Pacific Medical College in 2007. Having more than 11 years of diverse experiences, especially in PHYSICIAN ASSISTANT, Dr. Christopher M Crum affiliates with many hospitals including Asante Rogue Regional Medical Center, Dousedaicon Medford Medical Center, Asante Three Rivers Medical Center, Fairchild Medical.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " She is certified by the National Commission on Certification of Physician Assistants and is a member of the Tucson Dermatology Society, American Academy of Physician Assistants and Society of Dermatology Physician Assistants. PA Ferrer has practiced dermatology for 16 years. In addition to working at Dyson Dermatology, she is a longtime volunteer at Clinica Amistad. She regularly travels to Mexico to provide free medical care to patients in need.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He has performed more than 2500 operations for Trigeminal Neuralgia -- Gamma Knife radiosurgery (GKRS), needle rhizotomies (radiofrequency, glycerol or balloon) and microvascular decompression (MVD) -- with excellent results and an extremely low complication rate. His success reflects his philosophy of maximizing pain relief and minimizing complications.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He received his bachelor\u2019s degree from Brigham Young University and earned his medical degree from the Medical College of Wisconsin. Dr. Stouffer completed an orthopedic surgery residency at the Wright State University Boonshoft School of Medicine. He then completed a spine surgery fellowship at the Texas Back Institute. Dr. Stouffer has been involved in many research publications and presentations. He and his wife, Melissa, have four children.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Michael's Hospital in Toronto. She has a Master of Public Health from Johns Hopkins School of Public Health and is a lecturer in the Department of Family and Community Medicine at the University of Toronto. Ritika's clinical work is with people experiencing or at-risk of homelessness as well as migrants with precarious immigration status. She has been involved in various social justice issues since medical school including strengthening medicare, contributing to anti-poverty work and migrant justice. Ritika is a board member of Canadian Doctors for Medicare, chair of the Social Accountability Working Group at the College of Family Physicians of Canada and an organizer with the OHIP for All campaign and Decent Work and Health Network. She is also a regular media contributor including an active presence on Twitter.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Dr. Chandler graduated from Emory University School of Medicine in 1980 and has been in practice for 37 years. He completed a residency at University of Iowa Hospitals & Clinics. He currently practices at Resurgens Orthopaedics and is affiliated with Eastside Medical Center, Emory Saint Joseph's Hospital and Gwinnett Medical Center. Dr. Chandler accepts multiple insurance plans including Medicare, Blue Cross Blue Shield and Medicaid. Dr. Chandler is board certified in Orthopaedic Surgery.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He has successfully performed over 10,000 LASIK, cataract and lens implant procedures. Dr Dan Beers was the Chief of Ophthalmology at El Camino Hospital and he has taught the latest techniques to the ophthalmology residents at Stanford University. As an expert in his field, Dr. Beers has given presentations about advances in laser vision correction to the American Society of Cataract and Refractive Surgeons. He is currently a principal investigator with VISX and has been named a \u201cTop Ophthalmologist in Silicon Valley\u201d by San Jose magazine and was recently listed as one on \u201cAmerica\u2019s Top Ophthalmologists\u201d by the Consumers\u2019 Research Council of America.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Trovato graduated from University of Medicine & Dentistry of New Jersey (UMDNJ) in 2003 and has been in practice for 12 years. He completed a residency at UMDNJ- New Jersey Medical School Program. He currently practices at Dallas Plastic Surgery Institute and is affiliated with Medical City Children's Hospital, Medical City Frisco and Medical City Hospital. Dr. Trovato accepts multiple insurance plans including Aetna, Medicare and Humana. In addition to English, Dr. Trovato's practice supports this language: Spanish.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He also serves as a Clinical Professor at Alabama College of Osteopathic Medicine in Dothan, Alabama. He earned undergraduate (BS degree) from Loyola University Chicago in Chicago, Illinois and medical degree from Midwestern University, Chicago College of Osteopathic Medicine in Downers Grove, Illinois. He completed his general surgery residency at Hackensack Medical Center, Palisades in North Bergen, New Jersey. He also completed a Burn Surgery Fellowship at John H. Stroger Hospital of Cook County in Chicago, Illinois and Minimally Invasive Surgery Fellowship in Staten Island, New York. He has published eight research papers in national and international academic journals. His research interests include minimally invasive, robotic surgery.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " With over two decades of surgical experience and a double board certification in facial plastic surgery and head and neck surgery, he is uniquely qualified to provide comprehensive, cosmetic surgical care.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " A summa cum laude graduate of Texas A&M University, she completed her Master of Physician Assistant Studies at the University of Texas Southwestern Medical Center in Dallas.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He is affiliated with many hospitals around the area, including Huntsville Hospital and Mizell Memorial Hospital. He got his medical diploma from the University of Florida College of Medicine and has an experience of more than 20 years. After completing his medical studies, he went to Baylor College of Medicine where he did both his residency and fellowship.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " In his spare time, he has become one of the few individuals from outside Vietnam to be given open access to the files of the Vietnamese People's Air Force (VPAF). He has made numerous visits to Hanoi, and other Vietnamese cities in the past 20 years, and has interviewed many of the leading aces from the war years. He has written two titles in Osprey's Combat Aircraft series: MiG-17 and MiG-19 Units of the Vietnam War and MiG-21 Units of the Vietnam War.Jim Laurier is a native of New England, growing up in New Hampshire and Massachusetts. He has been drawing since he could hold a pencil and throughout his life he has worked in many mediums creating artwork on a variety of subjects. He has worked on the Osprey Aviation list since 2000, and in that time he has produced some of the finest artwork seen in these volumes.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Vincent\u2019s Medical Center in Birmingham, Alabama. He also practices at the Andrews Institute for Orthopaedics & Sports Medicine in Gulf Breeze, Florida. The United States considers Andrews the \u201cmost valuable doctor in sports,\u201d and remains one of the foremost surgeons for knee, elbow, and shoulder injuries.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He is a specialist in the arthroscopic treatment of sports injuries and trained directly under Dr. Frank Jobe, the founder of the \"Tommy John\" procedure and one of the pioneers in shoulder and elbow surgery for \"overhead\" athletes. Dr. Hackett also has completed additional training in the management of fractures and musculoskeletal trauma at Harbourview hospital in Seattle.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Leverett is a member of the American Society of Plastic Surgeons, the American Society for Aesthetic Plastic Surgery, the Lipoplasty Society, and the Arizona Society of Plastic Surgeons. He is one the top rated plastic surgeons in the Valley area and performs aesthetic cosmetic surgery on patients within Phoenix, AZ. Please enjoy these testimonials from real patients of Body by Leverett.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He acquired his degree from the Tulane University medical school. Even though at first he began to practice medicine with his father, Mark was more attracted to the industry of property development. He established McKenna Ventures investment in 1999 after his graduation. Unluckily, he underwent distressing losses in 2005 from Katrina hurricane. This natural tragedy damaged a lot of his business benefits, but he worked harder to reestablish the area. He later relocated to Atlanta in 2007 and established ShapeMed which is a wellness medicinal practice.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Anderson graduated from Ohio State University College of Medicine in 1977 and has been in practice for 41 years. He completed a residency at United States Army Medical Center. He currently practices at Mary Routan Hospital Orthopedic and is affiliated with Mary Rutan Hospital. Dr. Anderson accepts multiple insurance plans including Aetna, Medical Mutual of Ohio and Medicare.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Wakefield was discredited and barred from practicing medicine for this paper and other accusations (all to be later proved baseless), by the powers that be in the UK. It is only just to state that later research by independent entities confirmed Dr. Wakefield\u2019s findings resulting in his vindication. Dr. Wakefield has dedicated his life to getting the truth out.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He commonly treats patients for athletic injury and overuse conditions of the wrist, disorders of the elbow, shoulder fractures, and work-related injuries, and he frequently performs upper extremity trauma reconstruction, hand surgery, and total shoulder replacements.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He specialises in surgery of the eyelids, tear duct system, eye socket, and orbit (the cavity in which the eyeball and its attachments are located) in children as well as adults.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She is part of the multidisciplinary spine team that provides state-of-the-art care to patients of all ages. Her areas of expertise include evaluating and treating patients, orchestrating pre- and postoperative patient care, and assisting in performing a variety of spine surgical procedures.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Dr. McCall graduated from University of Illinois College of Medicine in 1967 and has been in practice for 51 years. He completed a residency at Shriners Hospitals for Children. Dr. McCall also specializes in Family Medicine. He currently practices at Northwest Orthopaedic Associates and is affiliated with Alexian Brothers Medical Center. Dr. McCall accepts multiple insurance plans including Aetna, Medicare and Humana. In addition to English, Dr. McCall's practice supports this language: Spanish.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " In addition to his current medical duties, Dr. McCarroll assists and participates in the training of Orthopedic Residents in Hand and Upper Extremity Orthopedics during their rotations through Shriners Hospitals for Children \u2013 Northern California.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Powers graduated from State University of New York at Buffalo Jacobs School of Medicine & Biomedical Sciences in 1998 and has been in practice for 15 years. He completed a residency at Suny. Dr. Powers also specializes in Bariatric Medicine (Obesity Medicine). He currently practices at ProHealth Care Associates LLP and is affiliated with Long Island Jewish Valley Stream, Plainview Hospital Northwell Health and Syosset Hospital Northwell Health. Dr. Powers accepts multiple insurance plans including MVP Health Plan, Medicare and ConnectiCare. Dr. Powers also practices at The Center for Bariatric Surgery in Syosset, NY. In addition to English, Dr. Powers's practice supports these languages: Spanish, Russian, Italian and Polish.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She practices in Anchorage, Alaska and has the professional credentials of MD. The NPI Number for Summer Star Engler is 1871852319 and she holds a License No. 121139 (Alaska).", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Dr. Law is well known for his expertise in providing natural looking plastic surgery results. Dr. Law is the number one provider of Natrelle Breast Implants, Botox, and Juvederm in the Triangle. He has been awarded Black Diamond Status from Allergan he is in the top 1% of physicians providing Natrelle breast implants and other Allergan products in the nation. Dr. Law offers CoolSculpting Complete for the elimination of fat, no downtime. Dr. Michael Law is a plastic surgeon in Raleigh, NC. Dr. Law is well known for his expertise in providing natural looking plastic surgery results. Dr. Law is the number one provider of Natrelle Breast Implants, Botox, and Juvederm in the Triangle. He has been awarded Black Diamond Status from Allergan he is in the top 1% of physicians providing Natrelle breast implants and other Allergan products in the nation. Dr. Law offers CoolSculpting Complete for the elimination of fat, no downtime.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He joined Georgia Bone & Joint in 2006 to fulfill the ever-increasing demand for pediatric orthopedic services in the South Atlanta region. As the only pediatric orthopedist on the south side of Atlanta, Dr. McMath provides a wide range of services, from congenital limb deformities and fracture care, to adolescent sports injuries and scoliosis. Dr. McMath also has extensive training in both general adult orthopedics and accepts patients of all ages and performs knee and hip replacements (including the new anterior hip approach). He is a member of the medical staff of Piedmont Newnan Hospital, Piedmont Fayette Hospital, and Cancer Treatment Centers of America in Newnan.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Wesolek graduated from Tufts University School of Medicine in 1992 and has been in practice for 26 years. He completed a residency at Suny. Dr. Wesolek also specializes in Vascular Surgery. He currently practices at Chelsea Surgical Care and is affiliated with William W Backus Hospital. Dr. Wesolek accepts multiple insurance plans including Aetna, Harvard Pilgrim and Medicare.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She is the chair of Wilkins Family Brain Tumor Research and the director of the brain tumour biobank at Toronto Western Hospital. She is Vice President (2018) of the Society for Neuro-Oncology and Chair of the Neuro-oncology Committee at World Federation of Neurological Surgeons.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Wu graduated from University of Kentucky College of Medicine in 1974 and has been in practice for 43 years. He completed a residency at Yale University School of Medicine. He currently practices at Center for Orthopedics and is affiliated with Yale New Haven Hospital St Raphael Campus and Yale-New Haven Hospital. Dr. Wu accepts multiple insurance plans including Aetna, Harvard Pilgrim and Medicare. In addition to English, Dr. Wu's practice supports this language: Spanish.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He graduated as medical doctor at the University Federico II di Napoli in 1985. He was subsequently appointed as staff surgeon at the hospital La Pitie Salpetriere where obtained sub specializations in heart transplantation, pediatric and minimally invasive surgery. He has been working for several years in the field of cardiac surgery developing surgical expertise and research interests in both clinical and biological aspects of heart disease.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Ms. Evancho is from Binghamton, New York, she received her Bachelor of Arts Degree at State University of New York in June 1988. She attended Charles Drew University of Medicine and Science in Los Angeles, CA and earned her Physician AssistantDegree in August 1990. After practicing in pediatrics for 6 years in Denver, Co, she and her family relocated to North Carolina. Ms. Evancho has practiced in family medicine for the past 15 years; she joined Dr. David Adams practice in 2006. Outside of work, she enjoys spending time with her family, attending church, sporting events and shopping.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " To David, there's really not much that could be better than being out there with - other than being able to bring his dogs along. So he embarked on a quest to make it happen and the result is seriously adorable.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " But after his wife and daughter are victims of a street gang and the police are idle, he takes the punishing sword of justice into his own hands. Video inventive murders of criminals conquer the Internet tops,", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Fetto graduated from New York Medical College in 1974 and has been in practice for 43 years. He completed a residency at Hospital for Special Surgery. He currently practices at New York University Cardiothoracic Surgery Associates and is affiliated with Bellevue Hospital Center, NYU Hospital for Joint Diseases and NYU Langone Medical Center Tisch Hospital. Dr. Fetto accepts multiple insurance plans including Aetna, MVP Health Plan and Empire Blue Cross Blue Shield. Dr. Fetto also practices at Andrew H Turtel MD in New York, NY.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She worked at the renowned Akademikliniken in Stockholm and at the clinic \u201cPyramide am See\u201d in Zurich. Since April 2017, Dr. Camenisch has been the director of the \u201cClinic Beethovenstrasse\u201d in Zurich. She is specialized in breast surgery, female intimate surgery, and aesthetic-surgical facial rejuvenation.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He has formed a very strong reputation as a plastic surgeon due to his breadth of expertise in a wide array of cosmetic and reconstructive surgery procedures. He has been recognized repeatedly as a \u201cTop Doctor\u201d by New York and New Jersey Magazine as well as Castle Connolly for the New York Metropolitan area. His clients consist of many high-profile people in the entertainment industry including many models and centerfolds.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She practices in Exeter, New Hampshire and has the professional credentials of MD. The NPI Number for Hillary S Tompkins is 1093836157 and she holds a License No. 15330 (New Hampshire).", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Dr. Rhoten takes care of clients as if they are his family, ensuring they receive fast and effective treatment. For more info: https://www.zocdoc.com/doctor/rl-rhoten-md", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He has helped numerous patients in his 7 years of experience as a Neurosurgeon. He has done M.S., D.N.B. . He is currently associated with Soni hospital and neuro clinic in Madar, Ajmer. Book an appointment online with Dr. Siddharth Verma on Lybrate.com.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " When the arthritis in his hip became too hard to bear, he opted for a metal-on-metal hip. But the new hip, he says, caused him so much pain, exhaustion, and depression that he had to have it removed.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He is the head of Orthopaedics and Arthroplasty Unit at the University of the Witwatersrand. Charmaine Upton, together with Prof Schepers, launched the SA Orthopaedic Journal 15 years ago.\u201d", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She practices in Cullman, Alabama and has the professional credentials of M.D.. The NPI Number for Dr. Clancy Hagedorn Johnson is 1275591315 and she holds a License No. 0027325 (Alabama).", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Having successfully passed the MRCP PACES exam herself, she was unable to find a clinical examination book helping doctors through this new examination format.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " She\u2019s also the residency director of the Sollus Northwest Family Medicine Residency Program and the 2016 Washington Osteopathic Medical Association\u2019s Physician of the Year. As a physician, residency director, mentor, spouse and mother, Dr. Norris shares her thoughts on her career, her time at Mayo and what makes a great mentor.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Dr. Ranzini graduated from University of Virginia School of Medicine in 1986 and has been in practice for 32 years. He completed a residency at Mary Imogene Bassett Hospital. He currently practices at Augusta Health and is affiliated with Augusta Health. Dr. Ranzini accepts multiple insurance plans including Aetna, Medicare and Humana.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He is currently working in the Academic Medical Centre in Amsterdam, the Netherlands. In 2002 he finished his PhD thesis on the treatment of tennis elbow.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Murray completed an adult reconstruction fellowship at Rush University Medical Center in Chicago. Dr. Murray completed his orthopaedic surgery residency at Cleveland Clinic after graduation from Case Western Reserve University School of Medicine in Cleveland.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He specialises in surgery for weight loss and diabetes, acid reflux disease, gallstones, hernia repair and surgical emergencies. Click on the below mentioned tabs to know more about his services.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " After successful completion of his general surgery training at Morristown Medical Center with Dr. Alexander Abkin and receiving the resident achievement award from the Society of Laparoendoscopic Surgeons, he completed an additional year of minimally invasive, bariatric, and robotic surgical training as a fellow at Innovation Health in Northern Virginia at a Bariatric surgery center of excellence. He graduated having done the most procedures of any historical fellow at the program.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He is the Greater Manchester Cancer HPB Pathway Clinical Director for and an Honorary Clinical Professor at the Institute of Cancer Science, University of Manchester, Manchester Academic Health Science Centre, United Kingdom.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He spent his first decade imaging from his home using a portable setup. With advances in Internet accessibility and worsening light pollution at home, Gendler began imaging remotely in 2005 from observatories in the southwestern United States and later in Australia. Gendler now spends much of his time mining professional astronomical archives and assembling unique composite images from a wide variety of data sources, including the Hubble Space Telescope, Japan's 8.2 meter Subaru Telescope, and various ground-based professional and amateur systems.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " She is the former Head of the Department of Family Medicine at the Queen Elizabeth Hospital, is past president and current chair of the board of directors of the Medical Society of PEI.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " She has worked extensively in public health and global health policy, with a focus on women\u2019s health, including sexual and reproductive health and HIV/AIDS. She is currently in WHO\u2019s Department of Reproductive Health and Research where she leads WHO\u2019s work on violence against women. She coordinated the WHO Multi-Country Study on Women\u2019s Health and Domestic Violence, and the WHO global and regional estimates on violence against women, is a founder of, and chaired, the Sexual Violence Research Initiative and is a member of the FIGO Working Group on Gender-based Violence.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He is certified by the American Board of Neurological Surgery. Dr. Post graduated magna cum laude with his bachelor of arts in biochemistry from Columbia University in New York City, NY. He later earned his Doctor of Medicine at the University of Pennsylvania in Philadelphia. Dr. Post served as a general surgery intern, a neurosurgical resident, and spine surgery fellow at the New York University Medical Center in New York City. Dr. Post has been the attending physician at various Brooklyn-area hospitals for a number of years. He earnestly tries to help all of his patients receive the individual attention and care they deserve.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He is also a member of the American Society of Plastic and Reconstructive Surgeons, the California Society of Plastic Surgeons and the American Burn Association. Dr. Spenler specializes in ultrasonic liposuction, breast surgery and reconstructive surgery after massive weight loss. He also offers non-surgical options such as Botox Cosmetic and dermal fillers. Visit Dr. Spenler's website for a full list of his procedures.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Lindsey is the Clinical Coordinator of The Johns Hopkins Multidisciplinary Pancreatic Cyst Program. Lindsey obtained her Masters Degree in Physician Assistant Sciences from Gannon University in 2009. Lindsey completed her clinical training at The University of Pittsburgh Medical Center and The Johns Hopkins Hospital in 2009. Lindsey is certified by the National Commission on Certification of Physician Assistants.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He has written seven full-length plays: four naturalistic, one a bit more stylized, and two farcical comedies. This is the first to have a New York production. Visit his website.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " She specializes in cerebrovascular disease and has extensive experience treating stroke and Transient Ischemic Attacks, as well as a wide spectrum of vasculopathies such as Moyamoya.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Dr. Nutt is currently on staff at Women's College Hospital in Toronto. In her spare time, she wrote the bestselling book, Damned Nations: Greed, Guns, Armies and Aid.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Dr. Shaha completed his surgical training at M.S. University of Baroda and at The Tata Memorial Hospital in India. He completed his surgical training at Downstate Medical Center in Brooklyn, New York and a fellowship in Head and Neck surgery at Memorial Hospital. He joined the Department of Surgery at Downstate Medical Center in 1982 as a Head and Neck Surgeon, rising to the rank of Professor of Surgery in 1992. During this period, he was also Chief of Head and Neck Surgery at King\u2019s County, Brooklyn VA Hospital and University Hospital. He joined the full time faculty of MSKCC in 1993.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She received her M.D. from the Iranian Medical Council, after which she joined as a post-doctoral research fellow at PERFUSE Study Group at Beth Israel Deaconess Medical Center in Boston. She is now working as Associate Editor in Chief for the PERFUSE study group and different Internal Medicine subjects.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Her PhD focusses on end-of-life decisions which aim to hasten or postpone death, such as continuing and forgoing potentially life-prolonging treatment, physician-assisted death and voluntary stopping of eating and drinking. Eva will defend her PhD thesis 'perspectives on appropriate end-of-life care and hastening death on request ' on November 2nd, 2017.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Mr Chana is well-known within the industry and with his patients for his ability to individualise the results of his procedures. It\u2019s clear to see why Mr Chana is one of the most highly regarded surgeons in his field.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She practices in Altamonte Springs, Florida and has the professional credentials of PA-C. The NPI Number for Jennifer R Agostini is 1922046887 and she holds a License No. PA9102929 (Florida).", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Her mother emigrated from Mexico to provide her children with an opportunity for a better life. Iliana has devoted her life to the service of vulnerable populations with a special interest in women and children and Latino Health.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He was raised in a Chinese American home by two parents who were both chemists. He attended medical school in Los Angeles and is currently completing his surgical residency training in Seattle. He enjoys hiking, swimming, and paying off a quarter million in educational loans.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Her goal is to identify and address the root cause of her client\u2019s health challenges instead of merely hiding their symptoms. She uses a natural, integrative approach that helps the body heal itself through a combination of scientific emotional release methods, naturopathic medicine, and an assortment of assessments that identify nutritional deficiencies, physiological imbalances, emotional blockages, and more.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Dr. Firestone is the Medical Director of the Total Joint Replacement program at Scottsdale Healthcare Shea and his office is located on the campus. - [Read More]", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He is a managing partner of Premier Orthopaedics of Westchester and Rockland is affiliated with Mount Sinai Medical Center in New York City. Dr. Ilan is a fellow/member of the American Academy of Orthopaedic Surgeons, American Society for Surgery of the Hand and the New York State Medical Society. He is the Director of Hand Surgery at the Dobbs Ferry Pavilion of St Johns Riverside Hospital Center. He has been elected to the Alpha Omega Alpha and Phi Beta Kappa honor societies and is a former contributing editor of the \u201cYear Book of Hand Surgery.\" Dr Ilan is an avid endurance athlete and is the founder of TeamLE&RN, a group that raises funding for LE&RN while participating in endurance events (running, triathlon, swimming, biking, adventure races). Dr. Ilan has a family member with Lymphatic disease.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He graduated from Logan Chiropractic College \u2013 St. Louis, Missouri in 1994 with a Doctor of Chiropractic Degree. He is National Board Certified in the USA and has been licensed to practice chiropractic in both Colorado and Arkansas, USA.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He received his medical degree from Mercer University School of Medicine. He is a member of American Academy of Facial Plastic & Reconstructive Surgery", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Luke\u2019s-Roosevelt Hospital Center in Manhattan, New York City. Dr. Unis earned his medical degree from Case Western Reserve University School of Medicine in Cleveland, OH, and completed a residency in Orthopedic Surgery at ...", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He earned his medical degree from the University of Miami School of Medicine and completed both his general surgery internship and orthopedic surgery residency at the University of Miami /Jackson Memorial Hospital.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He retired from the NHS in 2000 to undertake medical care in the developing world, training in women\u2019s fistula repair in Uganda and Rwanda. In 2005 he began working for M\u00e9decins Sans Fronti\u00e8res (MSF) and carried out surgical projects in Somalia, Congo, and Burundi before moving to MSF\u2019s Amsterdam headquarters as surgical director. He returned to the UK in 2012 to become president of MSF UK, and continues to work on projects abroad.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He has been has been on several surgical missions to Jordan and Syria with the Syrian American Medical Society and Doctors without Borders. He was the last Syrian American Medical Society (SAMS) volunteer physician out of Aleppo before the siege in July 2016. He has testified at the United Nations on the medical and humanitarian conditions in Aleppo. In 2016 he was a Chicago Magazine \"Chicagoan of the Year\" and was honored as a \"2016 American Red Cross Global Citizenship Hero\" in recognition of humanitarian work in Aleppo and advocacy for Syrian medical workers. He has been published in the New York Times, the Washington Post, the Wall Street Journal, CNN, BBC, NPR, The Lancet, and The New England Journal of Medicine.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He is always passionate about reducing human suffering through his work and also being involved in philanthropic efforts. Because of his heart for alleviating the pain of others, he has patented two inventions that would enhance efficiency for", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Delenick received his MD from the University of Pittsburgh School of Medicine after graduating with a Biology BS from Yale University. As a huge basketball fan himself and orthopedic specialist, Dr. Delenick provides the special understanding and information one needs as an athlete and patient.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He is the director of the Cervical Spine Program, the Minimally Invasive Spine Program and the Minimally Invasive and Complex Spine Fellowship Program. He also serves as co-director of UCSF\u2019s Spine Center, as well as professor and vice-chairman of the Department of Neurosurgery.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He is affiliated with multiple hospitals in the area, including Mayo Clinic and Mayo Clinic - Saint Marys Hospital. He received his medical degree from Mayo Medical School and has been in practice for 25 years. He is one of 17 doctors at Mayo Clinic and one of 13 at Mayo Clinic - Saint Marys Hospital who specialize in Neurological Surgery.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Lucero is also affiliated with several other hospitals such as The Medical City, Manila Doctors Hospital, and the London Centre for Aesthetic Surgery Gulf in Dubai, UAE. He has over 25 years of experience both in the hospital and university setting.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " With over 20 years of experience, Carolyn has clinical interest in clinical research and the full spectrum of hematology and oncology. Her experience in the area has also included significant time with bone marrow transplantation and lymphoma.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He believes in bringing natural results so do a limited incision and famous for best Breast Surgeon in America. He completed his medical education from the Chicago Medical School and joined the University of California as a Resident of Plastic Surgeon. Dr. Applebaum also worked as a medical Intern in General Surgery at University of Southern California Medical Center. His board certification by the American Board of Plastic Surgery fulfill all the requirements to recognize as a Plastic Surgeon. He has hospital affiliation at Cedars-Sinai Medical Center and is the member of American Society of Plastic Surgeons (ASPS).", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " In this book, she sheds insight into the perspective of five patients (with their permission) who had experience with prescription opioid abuse, which is an immense issue today. She also speaks to the complex factors that are at play in perpetuating this problem, including the physician-patient relationship, insurance companies, and Big Pharma. Lastly, she offers potential solutions to the prescription opioid abuse epidemic.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Dr. Sehgal\u2019s focus is joint preservation and minimally invasive orthopedic surgery. He dedicated a year of training to research and is published in distinguished medical journals. Dr. Sehgal regularly presents his research at prestigious industry events.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Since losing her nephew Caleb she has been advocating on behalf of her family to make pediatric dental anesthesia safer both through change in practice and through public education. She has been instrumental in the crafting of Caleb's Law. Annie is currently applying to the Emergency Medicine residency match and hopes to one day soon be a true #FemInEM", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Born in Helena, Montana, Dr. Bernasek graduated medical school in 1977, receiving his degree from Creighton University in Omaha, Nebraska. He continued his post graduate education at the University of New Mexico in Albuquerque and the Mayo Clinic in Rochester, Minnesota. He has resided in Florida since 1987.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Randy Bergen has been a member of a variety of professional associations including the California Medical Association and American Academy of Pediatrics and has chaired various Kaiser Committees. In addition to serving as a Senior Physician, Dr. Bergen is a clinical site investigator for the Northern California Kaiser Permanente Vaccine Safety Study Center and the clinical lead for the Northern California Kaiser Permanente Influenza Vaccine Program. Dr. Bergen received his medical degree from the University of Minnesota, Minneapolis and an MPH from the University of California, Berkeley. He completed a pediatric infectious diseases fellowship at Stanford University Medical Center. He has co-authored journal articles regarding varicella-zoster virus, influenza vaccine, and other clinical topics.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He is also part of the Dallas Plastic Surgery Institute that is among the top institutes for plastic surgery. He completed his under graduation from the University of Michigan and then went to the medical school in the same university and also\u2026", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " In addition, Erin has extensive experience in providing cosmetic treatments. She has specialized training for Botox, Juvederm, Voluma, Kybella, Volbella, Belotero, Xeomin and Eclipse MicroPen. In addition, she also provides laser treatments for vein therapy and hair removal.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Internationally renowned expert Dr. Rocrich has been on the Oprah Winfrey Show, Good Morning America, and the View as guest speaker. Dr. Rocrich has a passion for helping people obtain the beauty and youthfulness that so many are so desperately looking for through his work. Some of the services that Dr. Rod J. Rohrich offers is rhinoplasty, facelifts, breast surgery, and revision rhinoplasty.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She practices in Pago Pago, American Samoa and has the professional credentials of MBBS. The NPI Number for Ms. Prem Monita Adip is 1871940916 and she holds a License No. 4042-C (American Samoa).", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Dr. Gottschalk graduated from University of the Witwatersrand Faculty of Health Sciences in 1970 and has been in practice for 47 years. Dr. Gottschalk also specializes in Adult Reconstructive Orthopedic Surgery. He currently practices at Frank Albert Bernard Gottschalk MD and is affiliated with Methodist Mansfield Medical Center, Parkland Health & Hospital System and UT Southwestern Medical Center Zale Lipshy University Hospital. Dr. Gottschalk accepts multiple insurance plans including Aetna, Medicare and Humana.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He takes great pride in his reputation as one of the most highly skilled plastic surgeons in Lakeland. Please peruse the information below to learn more about Dr. Gerzenshtein\u2019s education, experience and accomplishments.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She has a background in biomedical engineering and computer science. She attends on the nephrology consult service at BIDMC and has an outpatient renal clinic. Her team\u2019s \u201csentiment analysis\u201d project won the Big Data competition at the London Datathon in 2016 and it was presented at the Intensive Care Society State of the Art Meeting. With her background in engineering and medicine, she hopes to bridge the gap between data scientists and clinicians to answer innovative questions. Her current research interests include studying acute kidney injury and using echocardiography to determine effects of cardiac dysfunction on outcomes.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Polly completed her undergraduate degree at the University of California Santa Barbara where she majored in Biology. To maintain her certification, Polly completes over 100 continuing medical education hours every two years and takes her recertification board exam every ten years. These requirements enable her to stay current with the ever evolving practice of medicine.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Dr. Harrison as always been passionate about undermining the stigma of addictive disorders and mental illness that prevents people from seeking help. She currently serves as the Chief Medical Officer for Anka Behavioral Health, Inc., a California-based mental health system and is the Campaign Psychiatrist for the Let\u2019s Get Mentally Fit campaign.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " She has worked in Family Practice since graduating from Shenandoah University's Physician Assistant program in 2005, and has worked at Orchard Family Medicine since 2010. She completed her undergraduate degree in biochemistry at Lee University in Cleveland, TN. Her special interests include preventative health care, minor surgical procedures, and the management of chronic diseases.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " She actively sees patients for general and cosmetic dermatology, including patients needing Botox, Drysport, Resylane, Voluma and Juvederm treatments.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He is dedicated to the treatment of patients with foot and ankle disorders as well traumatic musculoskeletal injuries. His areas of special interest include arthritis of the ankle, post-traumatic conditions of the lower extremity and deformity correction. He graduated cum laude from Vanderbilt University with undergraduate degrees in both molecular biology and Spanish. A native of Texas, Dr. Weatherford attended medical school at The University of Texas Health Science Center in San Antonio, where he graduated first in his class. He continued his medical education in Chicago, completing a surgical internship and Orthopaedic Surgery residency at Northwestern University\u2019s Feinberg School of [...]", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Noreen\\\u2019s articles have been featured in Women\\\u2019s Health, Nutrition News, Check Up and Alive Magazine. She also writes about her other interests: travel, books, fitness, nutrition, cooking and green living.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He is Vice Chairman, Clinical Affairs for Neurological Surgery and Professor in the departments of Neurological Surgery and Radiology at Case Western Reserve University School of Medicine as well as Director, Cerebrovascular and Skull Base Surgery, UH Neurological Institute. He sees patients at University Hospitals Cleveland Medical Center and University Hospitals Ahuja Medical Center.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " With friends Deb founded CGSAC in 2005. As a certified Levels 1 \u2013 3 Catechist & Formation Facilitator, Deb has facilitated courses across Canada and in Nairobi, Kenya. In 2012 Deb received her Master of Arts in Pastoral Studies (CGS) and is now working on a Doctorate in Ministry (Homiletics) at the Aquinas Institute of Theology.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Having started his surgical career as a general orthopaedic surgeon, Mr Stranks retains a broad practice which includes knee and hand surgery. He still does regular Trauma on-call for the North Hampshire Hospital and assesses and treats all types of orthopaedic problems and trauma.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Some of these essays have been bundled in the book 'Understanding Palestine', which is available on Amazon.com. He also is the founder of the website 'Musical Intifada' featuring his songs about the Palestinian cause, on www.docjazz.com.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She believes that a physician\u2019s role is to teach patients about positive health choices and empower patients to reach their health goals. Treatment of symptoms is important, but true healing comes from finding and treating the cause.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Dr. Conflitti graduated from Texas A&M Health Science Center College of Medicine in 1995 and has been in practice for 23 years. He currently practices at First Physicians and is affiliated with East Texas Medical Center Carthage, East Texas Medical Center Quitman and East Texas Medical Center Specialty Hospital. Dr. Conflitti accepts multiple insurance plans including Aetna, Medicare and Humana. Dr. Conflitti also practices at Etmc Specialty Hospital in Tyler, TX.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She graduated with honors from Texas A&M University in College Station, Texas. She then went on to earn her Master\u2019s degree in Physician Assistant Studies from Texas Tech Health Sciences Center in Midland, Texas.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Dr. Ward is a Past President of the North American Musculoskeletal Tumor Society (MSTS). He completed Duke Medical School in 1978, orthopedic residency at Duke in 1989 and an orthopedic oncology fellowship at UCLA in 1991. He was on the faculty at Wake Forest University School of Medicine until 2012 and remains an Emeritus Professor. He has published approximately 100 scholarly articles. He has personally performed more than 5000 musculoskeletal tumor surgeries and has been recognized multiple times as a \u201cBest Doctor in Orthopaedics\u201d and as a \u201cBest Doctor in Cancer\u201d.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He graduated in medicine from the Military Medical School in Lodz, Poland, where he also had his early part of clinical and academic training and where he received his PhD in 1998. In 2004 he completed his postdoctoral fellowship at the Lund University, Sweden, under the supervision of Professor Stefan Lohmander. Since then his research activity focuses on the investigation of the natural history of the knee and hand osteoarthritis. He then got a position of Assistant Professor at the Department of Reconstruction Surgery and Arthroscopy of the Knee Joint. He received his habilitation in 2012 in Medical University of Lodz, Poland. Since 2006 he alternated between Poland and Sweden working in both, joint replacement and reasearch units. Dr. Paradowski is a member of Societ\u00e9 Internationale de Chirurgie Orthop\u00e9dique et de Traumatologie (SICOT).", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He went to the University of Iowa for medical school then to the University of southern California for his residency and finally he did a fellowship at Hospital for Special Surgery in New York where he learned how to do joint replacements. He also is a professor at USC. Dr. Door explains what is really means to have an arthritic hip and what factors can lead to needing a hip replacement. He really believes that for someone who is a significant amount of hip pain that this is a \u201cquality of life disease\u201d that can be solved trough hip replacement surgery, the country\u2019s number one surgery on a scale of patient satisfaction.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He is also an Assistant Professor and researcher at the Weill College of Medicine at Cornell University and the New York Presbyterian Hospital. Before his work in these capacities, he served as a team physician to the New York Mets, where he became interested in finding ways to analyze and choose effective treatments for the throwing injuries that are common among baseball players, as well as other athletes whose sport involves throwing. He spoke with Shoulder1 about some of his groundbreaking research in this area, as well as his reasons for being optimistic when it comes to current treatments and future breakthroughs in shoulder care.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He completed a residency at Henry Ford Health System. Dr. Bravo also specializes in Vascular Surgery. He currently practices at Joseph J Bravo MD and is affiliated with St Elizabeth Covington, St Elizabeth Florence and St Elizabeth Medical Center. Dr. Bravo accepts multiple insurance plans including Aetna, Medicare and Medicaid.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She graduated from Yale University and Harvard Medical School, and did her internship and residency at Children's Hospital, Boston. As a pediatrician, she tries to work with parents to identify and address their concerns.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He is a pioneer in the surgical and nonsurgical treatment of arthritis, trauma, and trauma complications in children and adults. Dr. Wolfson received his medical degree from the Sackler School of Medicine in Tel Aviv, Israel. After completing his residency at the University of Western Ontario, he pursued an Adult Joint Replacement and Orthopaedic Trauma Fellowship at the University of Toronto. He is one of an elite group of surgeons in North America who practice the Ilizarov Technique, an innovative limb reconstruction approach. In his spare time, he writes and lends his surgical skills to humanitarian efforts in countries devastated by natural disasters. In 2010, he treated earthquake victims with acute bone injuries in Haiti and went on a similar mission to Nepal in 2015.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He is someone who works for multiple hospitals, including Monmouth Medical Center and Jersey Shore University Medical Center. He has been in practice for over two decades, and he received his degree from the Cairo University School of Medicine before he started his work. He is someone who specializes in surgery and who serves each of his patients in a special way.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Regina\u2019s practice has reflected her passion for the care of women, children and pregnancy. Regina has attended hundreds of deliveries in her prior practice and will be providing prenatal, postpartum and family practice appointments as well as attending births at Aurora Birth Center.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " In the August 2017, she became involved in medical disaster relief when she helped set up medical shelters in Houston after Hurricane Harvey. From this, she formed the Medical Disaster Response Network which has sent countless medical supplies to Puerto Rico following Hurricane Maria.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " She practices in Anchorage, Alaska and has the professional credentials of M.D.. The NPI Number for Dr. Lily J Lou is 1326099656 and she holds a License No. 4888 (Alaska).", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " She practices in Anchorage, Alaska and has the professional credentials of . The NPI Number for Elizabeth Northrop Morgan is 1811980311 and she holds a License No. 5111 (Alaska).", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Petersburg and Tampa, FL. Dr. Benedetti is board-certified by both the American Board of Plastic Surgery and the American Board of Surgery. Dr. Benedetti earned his Medical Doctor degree from The Medical College of Ohio and then went on to complete eight years of extensive surgical training at University of California, Davis and University of Virginia.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He is the CMIO and UR Medical Director at Methodist Richardson Medical Center. He also serves as the lead coach for Methodist Richardson\u2019s Clinical Documentation Improvement Program.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She practices in Birmingham, Alabama and has the professional credentials of M.D.. The NPI Number for Amanda Erin Clark is 1154611374 and she holds a License No. 32300 (Alabama).", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " His research focuses on understanding the involvement of leukocytes (white blood cells) in glomerulonephritis, an important cause of kidney disease, so that more targeted and effective treatments can be developed and used. He combines his research with clinical practice in Nephrology that focuses on immune kidney disease.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Dr. Mercuri graduated from New York University School of Medicine in 2011 and has been in practice for 7 years. He completed a residency at New York University. Dr. Mercuri also practices at Nyu Hospital For Joint Diseases in New York, NY. In addition to English, Dr. Mercuri's practice supports these languages: German, Arabic, Tagalog, Italian, Polish, Spanish, French, Korean, Vietnamese and Russian.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Most people who use PrEP are buying generic PrEP online. There have been concerns about whether these drugs are genuine or not. Nneka has been at the forefront of drug level testing in people who take generic PrEP. She has organised tests on hundreds of samples of PrEP - and has found no evidence of any fake preparations on the market.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " When he first arrived in the area, it was a farming and ranching community. Some of its fewer than 1,500 residents had wealth tied up in their land and the livestock they raised. \u201cLand rich, cash poor or cow rich, cash poor,\u201d as Ramage told Fault Lines.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He will practice at Vista Surgical Associates. Ibrahim received his medical degree from the University of Texas Southwestern Medical Center in Dallas and completed his residency at Washington Hospital Center in DC. To arrange an appointment, call 575-522-4940.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He specialises in orthopaedic and trauma surgery with a particular focus on the arthroscopic and open treatment of shoulder and elbow degenerative conditions and injuries.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Ms. Koh Geok Chiew practices at Aljunied Hougang Ci Yuan TCM Free Clinic in Hougang, Singapore. She completed Diploma in TCM from Singapore College of TCM, Singapore in 2004. Some of the services provided by the her are: TuiNa and Back Pain Physiotherapy etc.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He has extensive experience in the surgical treatment of complex spinal disorders such as scoliosis, tumors, and trauma as well as common problems such as herniated discs, sciatica, and lumbar stenosis. Dr. Nemecek believes in a collaborative approach to the care of patients with neck or back pain and tailors specific treatment plans utilizing exercise, therapy, injections, and surgery when appropriate to ensure the best possible outcome for each patient.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She has lived in Portland since 2007. She serves on the board of the Gay & Lesbian Medical Association (GLMA), is a member of the Portland Plan Community Involvement Committee and Portland City Club, and a volunteer at Outside In. In addition to health and human rights, she is a strong advocate for education and the arts.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Dr. Vaught performs procedures at West Park Surgery Center in Cape Girardeau, Mo. He practices at Regional Brain and Spine in Cape Girardeau. Dr. Vaught has held several leadership positions at Southeast Missouri Hospital, including chief of neurosurgery, chair of the continuing medical education committee and physician excellence committee member.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Wilcox served as the past president of the Dallas Society of Plastic Surgeons. Dr. Wilcox is a member of the American Society of Plastic Surgeons and the American Society of Aesthetic Plastic Surgery. He is also a member of many prestigious professional societies including the Dallas County Medical Society, Texas Medical Association, American Medical Association, Lipoplasty Society of North America, Texas Society of Plastic Surgeons, Dallas Society of Plastic Surgeons.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Chippewa Drive. She is devoted to providing exceptional health care to people of all ages, from newborns to teenagers. To request a pediatric appointment with Dr. Pawar, please call Aspirus Rhinelander Clinic at 715-361-5480.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Ms. Ninova attended the Baylor College of Medicine, where she received her master\u2019s degree in physician assistant studies. She completed her undergraduate education at American University in Bulgaria. She practices at MedFirst Westover Hills Primary Care Clinic. Ms. Ninova focuses on all aspects of a patient's experience which drives her towards excellence. She takes time to listen to each patient's health concerns and works on the treatment accordingly. She ensures it suits their recovery and lifestyle. Ms. Ninova\u2019s philosophy of patient care is based on compassion, efficacy, and teamwork. She focuses on giving patients the highest quality of care while guaranteeing their participation in managing their own medical condition.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " His surgical specialty is colon and rectal surgery -- always a good conversation stopper when people ask him what he does. His response is that he repairs waste disposal systems! Terry is also a long time PowerPoint user and co-author of a book on PowerPoint geared towards the designing of medical presentations. In this conversation, Terry talks about the the usage of PowerPoint in the medicine industry, and his training sessions.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Moyer received his cosmetic and reconstructive training from Emory University and has conducted extensive research on the Keller Funnel\u00ae, a device used to ease the insertion of breast implants to reduce the risk of bacterial contamination. This device also allows for a smaller incision to reduce the appearance of visible scars from breast augmentation.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She worked with the Spine Center at Flagstaff Bone and Joint for 5 years and recently began working with Dr. Amber Randall to care for patients with orthopedic injuries and conditions of the hip and knee. She works with patients to develop personalized treatment plans that fulfill their physical activity and lifestyle goals and orchestrates pre and postoperative care for patients undergoing knee or hip replacement surgery. Jennifer is also skilled in multiple guided injection techniques.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Dr. Santini graduated from University of Michigan Medical School in 1975 and has been in practice for 43 years. He completed a residency at University Hospital. He currently practices at Grand View Clinic and is affiliated with Aspirus Ontonagon Hospital. Dr. Santini accepts multiple insurance plans including Aetna, Blue Cross Blue Shield of Michigan and Medicare. Dr. Santini also practices at Superior Surgical PC in Ironwood, MI.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He has been a practicing plastic surgeon in the Boston area for over 18 years. Dr. Samaha is known for using state-of-the-art techniques that provide his patients with the most pleasing results in a safe, professional setting.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " In the second part of this two part series, he explains the advanced procedures that medical estheticians can provide to help patients at a practice like his. Click here to read part one!", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She pursued her undergraduate and medical training at Yale University, enjoyed her intern year at a Top 100 Community Hospital in Middlesex Connecticut, and completed her residency with Brown's Department of Family Medicine. As a National Health Service Corps Scholar, she practices at the federally qualified Chicago Family Health Center on Chicago's South Side. She also serves as an assistant clinical professor with the Department of Family Medicine at the University of Chicago through the auspices of the Urban Health Initiative.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Dr. Salzhauer's surgical skill and artistry attract patients from across the nation and around the world to his Bal Harbour plastic surgery facility. He is featured routinely on television networks such as CBS, NBC, ABC, Fox News, Univision and Telemundo, and on programs such as Entertainment Tonight and Inside Edition. He has been recognized frequently in publications such as The Miami Herald, Marie Claire, Glamour, In Touch and Life & Style magazines. Dr. Salzhauer is also the host of \"NIP / TALK\" Radio (Sunday morning at 11AM on 940 WINZ), the only radio talk show about plastic surgery in Florida.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He is based at the Stellenbosch Medi-Clinic and operates at both the Stellenbosch Medi-Clinic and the Cure Day Hospital in Somerset West. He completed his medical degree at Stellenbosch University in 1997. After completing his internship Read more [...]", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Before coming to the Cleveland Clinic Florida, Dr. Lo Menzo was an Associate Professor of Surgery at the University of Maryland School of Medicine in Baltimore, Maryland, and previously an Assistant Professor of laparoendoscopic & bariatric surgery at the University of Miami Miller School of Medicine. While there, he specialized in laparoscopic and open hernias, as well as laparoscopic surgery for morbid obesity, esophageal reflux, esophageal motility surgery and endoscopy.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She is on the medical staff of The University of California, Santa Monica, and St. Johns Hospitals. Dr. Watson is also a clinical faculty instructor at UCLA Department of Family Medicine.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Popular surgical procedures include breast augmentation, tummy tuck, liposuction, rhinoplasty and facelift. Dr. McLain also offers non-surgical services like Botox Cosmetic and laser skin resurfacing. Visit him online for a full list of services available and for more detailed information.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He is accomplished in both minimally invasive spinal surgery and open complex spine surgery, having had formal training in both orthopedic and neurosurgical spine surgery. (Read more about Dr. Baaj)", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He read Medicine at the University of Cambridge and then completed his surgical training in London, Oxford and Australia. He also completed an MD research degree by thesis, at The University of London.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He received his B.S. from Georgetown University and pursued graduate studies in neurophysiology at the University of Connecticut before going on to receive his M.D. from the Medical College of Pennsylvania. He completed his residency training at Thomas Jefferson University Hospital in Philadelphia and his fellowship in plastic and reconstructive surgery at the University of Pennsylvania.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She holds a Bachelor\u2019s degree in Biology and Psychology from Birmingham Southern College and a Master\u2019s degree in Health Science from the University of South Alabama. She is a member of the American Academy of Physician Assistants and the Alabama Society of Physician Assistants. Her honors include 2002 Physician Assistant Student of the Year, Phi Kappa Honor Society, Alpha Eta Honor Society, Adjunct Assistant Professor, and Publication of Research Project Breaking Socioeconomic Barriers to Breastfeeding. Mrs. Donald is licensed by the Alabama Board of Medicine and certified with the National Commission of Certification of Physician Assistants (NCCPA) and American Heart Association Advanced Cardiac Life Support. She has worked for East Alabama Medical Center since 2005. She is married and lives with her husband and two children in Auburn.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " This area of expertise includes total knee replacement and total hip replacement. Dr. Champine has specialized training and expertise in the most up to date techniques, such as minimally invasive hip replacement, minimally invasive knee replacement, 2-incision hip replacement, quad-sparing knee replacement, partial knee replacement, and computer-assisted surgery. In addition, he has considerable experience with the most current implant technologies, such as metal-on-metal hip replacement, hip resurfacing, ceramic hip replacement, and rotating platform knee replacements.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She is a clinical head and manager of public-primary health care centres in Sarawak, Borneo. Sally has a deep passion for preventive care in the older persons and has a strong focus on the development and implementation of primary healthcare policies in the older persons in Sarawak, Borneo. She holds a Master in Medicine and is currently working towards a Master of Philosophy in Medical Science on \u201cThe Malaysian Pictorial Fit Frail Scale (M-PFFS): Development and Testing of Feasibility, Validity and Reliability\u201d with supervisors Professor Renuka Visvanathan, Dr Olga Theou and Assc. Professor Solomon Yu.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Recently, she became frustrated that she didn't have time to develop relationships with patients like she used to. Patient relationships, she says, lead to better diagnoses and to finding root causes of medical issues.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " She attended Northeastern University in Boston, MA, where she obtained her Bachelor of Science in Behavioral Neuroscience and minor in Marine Biology. She then spent 4 years working as a lead dermatology medical assistant and scribe, where her training and passion for dermatology began.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Utilizing his specialized training in cleft lip/palate and craniofacial surgery, he has participated in surgical missions with the LEAP foundation, providing care to underprivileged children in the Dominican Republic and Belize.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " These hospitals includes: Scripps Memorial Hospital, Palomar Medical Center and Sharp Chula Vista Medical Center. He consistently seeks to understand each individual patient\u2019s unique concerns and goals in order to administer the most state \u2013 of \u2013 the -art aesthetic and reconstructive procedures to his cherished patients.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He had a successful career as a professor of neurosurgery, oncology, plastic surgery, and pediatrics at Johns Hopkins University, and at age 33 was the youngest major division director in university history. In 2013, Carson decided to retire from medicine \u201cat the top of his game\u201d and entire politics. He is a 2008 recipient of the Presidential Media of Freedom, and in 2010 was elected to the National Academy of Sciences. Carson still writes and speaks extensively on neurology and other medical issues.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Her clinical interests include women\u2019s health, pediatrics, and preventative health. She and her husband, Mark, have two children: Nathan and Samuel. In her free time, Bevelhimer enjoys jogging, soccer, boating, reading, camping, and outdoor activities.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " She and her husband, Oren, completed construction of a backyard ADU in November 2014 after meticulously preserving and proudly reusing most of the deconstructed garage that had previously stood on its site. They have been renting out the cottage for short-term stays to guests via Airbnb ever since. Julie briefly toyed with the idea of moving to Italy after college to open a bed & breakfast, and finds that having a backyard cottage and steady stream of guests perfectly satisfies this aspiration, while allowing her and her husband to enjoy raising their two young children in the city of Portland.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " She works closely with patients to help them remove obstacles to their health as a primary means of resolving their wellness challenges and restoring their health. She facilitates this by providing a foundation for health & wellness through nutrition and lifestyle suggestions as well as customized, targeted therapies that unravel the disease process. Read more", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " She has been a doctor for 12 years. She was drawn to Emergency Medicine during her internship at The Alfred hospital where she thrilled to the diversity of fast paced trauma resuscitation, the sleuth like workup of undifferentiated medical patients and the quiet chats with fast track patients needing sutures. She has always had an interest in creative writing. Her short story \u201cPhoenix\u201d was awarded the second prize in the Lorian Hemingway Short Story Competition 2006.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Over the past two decades, Dr. Shektman has helped over 2500 patients and performed over 2000 breast augmentations and over 650 face and neck lifts. Dr. Shektman has experience performing many different plastic surgery procedures, however, he specializes in facelifts, breast augmentations, breast lifts, eyelid surgery, liposuction, and tummy tucks. He also uses Botox, Sculptra, Juvederm, Radiesse, and fat injections to help patients achieve the youthful look that they desire.Before going into private practice, he completed his plastic surgery residency at the Albert Einstein School of Medicine/Montefiore Medical Center, which is known as one of the best programs in the country. Dr. Shektman also worked as the Chief Resident in Plastic Surgery before graduating and deciding to move back to the state of Massachusetts.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Pettigrew graduated from University of Tennessee Health Science Center College of Medicine in 1987 and has been in practice for 31 years. He completed a residency at University of South Carolina School of Medicine. He currently practices at F. Christopher Pettigrew, MD PC and is affiliated with Memorial Health University Medical Center, St Joseph's Candler Hospital and St Joseph's Hospital. Dr. Pettigrew accepts multiple insurance plans including Aetna, Medicare and Humana. In addition to English, Dr. Pettigrew's practice supports these languages: Spanish and German.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Rhoten takes care of clients as if they are his family, ensuring they receive fast and effective treatment. For more info:https://www.spineuniverse.com/specialist/neurosur...", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She is professionally affiliated with the University of Washington (UW) Medicine. She attended medical school at Harvard Medical School. Patients gave Dr. Sutton an average rating of 2.5 stars out of 5. Dr. Sutton is an in-network provider for Medicare insurance.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " She has a diverse medical background that spans over 20 years. Dr. McConnell sees all members of the family, treating common conditions such as adrenal fatigue, autoimmune diseases, infertility, thyroid and sleep issues. She feels educating her patients is very important in their quest for understanding and improving their health. She provides compassionate, individualized care to her patients.\"", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Dr. Magalski graduated from Temple University Lewis Katz School of Medicine in 1994 and has been in practice for 23 years. He completed a residency at New York Medical College. He currently practices at Prince William Surgical Associates and is affiliated with Prince William Hospital. Dr. Magalski accepts multiple insurance plans including Aetna, Medicare and Cigna. Dr. Magalski also practices at Novant Health Prince William Surgical Associates in Haymarket, VA. In addition to English, Dr. Magalski's practice supports this language: Spanish.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She believes that healing and health comes from finding connections between body and soul. She spends most of her time doing just that-- balancing MCAT studying with community organizing around health disparities in Los Angeles. In her downtime, she can be found bird-watching, reading Arabic poetry, and/or Netflix'ing Spanish soap operas.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " His main surgical interests are in vascular and paediatric surgery. He is Divisional Director of Medical Education for the Trust and is a member of the Foundation and Simulation faculties. He is also an MRCS examiner for the Royal College of Surgeons of England and mentor for the London Deanery. His other interests are mainly aspirational as much of his spare time is taken up by the transportation of four children to and from a variety of sporting and musical venues.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He remains focused on the non-surgical approach as a Plastic Surgeon and completed his medical School from the University of Tennessee Health Science Center. To gain further experience in his area, he joined The University of Florida as a Resident of Otolaryngology. He also worked as a Resident of Plastic and Reconstructive at the University of Texas.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He specializes in minimally invasive breast biopsy, laparoscopic abdominal surgery, breast and colorectal cancer surgery procedures and hernia repair.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She graduated from Princeton University with a degree in History. After graduation, she spent three years traveling through Europe, waiting tables, and as a Editorial Assistant for Houghton Mifflin Publishing House prior to starting medical school at Tufts University School of Medicine. After completing her residency in Anesthesiology at Mount Sinai Hospital, she worked in private practice before transitioning to her current position at Memorial Sloan Kettering. She specializes in regional anesthesia and her research interests are in pain management and improving quality of recovery for patients undergoing breast cancer surgery. Hanae\u2019s other career passion is global health disparities, and she has been involved in medical mission work and research in East and West Africa, India, and South America.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Operating out of Berkeley, CA, Dr. Mattson is both a member of the staff of Alta Bates Summit Medical Center as well as working with his own private practice - the Berkeley Orthopaedic Medical Group, Inc.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " FDC is associated with CoxHealth. Dr. Greer's scope of practice includes evaluation and treatment of injuries, diseases, and other conditions of the arm, elbow, forearm, wrist, and hand. His practice also includes treatment of complex upper and lower extremity wounds through the use of grafts and microsurgical flap techniques.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He is the Director of the Orthopaedic Sports Medicine Fellowship Program and an Associate Professor of Orthopaedic Surgery at Emory University. Dr. Karas is an internationally recognized expert in the field for sports medicine, surgery of the shoulder and knee, and arthroscopic surgery. He has been recognized as one of America\u2019s \u201cTop Orthopaedic Doctors\u201d in Men\u2019s Health Magazine April 2007 and \u201cTop Sports Medicine Specialists for Women\u201d in Women\u2019s Health Magazine. Atlanta Magazine has named him \u201cAtlanta\u2019s Most Trusted Sports Medicine Specialist\u201d for the past three years.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Following graduation, Dr. Hartshorn spent an additional year at the University of Michigan completing a facial plastic and reconstructive surgery fellowship. In addition to Dr. Hartshorn\u2019s cosmetic and reconstructive surgery practice, he also sees patients with head and neck cancer and a variety of other otolaryngology issues. Dr. Hartshorn has authored papers in many peer reviewed journals on the topics of speech, facial reconstruction, hearing and cancer. Dr. Hartshorn is married with four children and enjoys spending time with his family.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Louis. He is Director of the Center for Innovation in Neuroscience and Technology and the Brain Laser Center. He received his B.S. in Biology and Theology at St. Louis University in 1995 and received his M.D. at the University of Pennsylvania\u2019s School of Medicine in 1999. He went on to complete his training at Barnes Jewish Hospital and Washington University in St. Louis in 2005 and went on to pursue a combined fellowship in epilepsy and spinal surgery at the University of Washington in Seattle in 2006.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He did his undergraduate work in biomedical engineering at Harvard University. He received his medical degree from the State University of New York at Stony Brook where he was elected a member of the Alpha Omega Alpha Medical Honor Society signifying graduation within the top 15% of his class.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Vincent\u2019s Hospital (New York), U. of Montreal (Montreal), U. of British Columbia (Vancouver), and l\u2019Archet Hospital (Nice). Since 2013, he has been working in Amman for most of the year with periodic working visits to Canada, where he worked full time for three years following his sub-specialty training.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Greg Bonnen. She is a Houston native, and a graduate of Clear Lake High School. She graduated from Texas A&M in College Station where she received her Bachelor\u2019s of Science in Biomedical Science. Lauren later graduated from Nova Southeastern University in Florida with honors, and received her Master\u2019s Degree as a Physician Assistant. She previously worked for over 6 years at Icon Wellness Center.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He practices from the Burton Clinic, Derby Nuffield Hospital and Little Aston Spire Hospital with the support of a multidisciplinary team. His clinic covers the needs of the population of Burton upon Trent and surrounding areas of Derbyshire, Staffordshire, Sutton Coldfield, North Leicestershire and Rutland, Lichfield, Tamworth, Uttoxeter, Burntwood, Cannock, Ashbourne and Ashby de la Zouch.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr Mullen specialises in non-surgical rejuvenation of the face using laser treatments, anti-wrinkle injections and dermal fillers. She believes that the best cosmetic outcomes are natural and enhancing, ultimately improving her patients' sense of self and well being. Prior to joining VCI in 2007, Dr Mullen was a GP. For further information, see www.thevictoriancosmeticinstitute.com.au", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " After twenty-five years of private practice as a dermatologist, she now devotes her time in pursuing her other passion \u2013 creative writing. She holds a Certificate in Creative Writing from UCLA and an MFA from San Diego State University. Husain writes both short stories and fiction and her works have been published in the Huffington Post, Fiction International, The California Writers\u2019 Club Magazine \u2018Fresh Ink\u2019 and The West Winds Centennial Issue (2010). Her short story Tales from the Toofan Express was nominated for Pushcart Prize in November 2016.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Dr. Ricci graduated from Georgetown University School of Medicine in 1963 and has been in practice for 7 years. He completed a residency at Brigham & Womens Hospital. Dr. Ricci accepts multiple insurance plans including UnitedHealthcare. In addition to English, Dr. Ricci's practice supports these languages: Polish, Russian, Spanish, French, Italian, Korean and Vietnamese.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " On top of an impressive educational background that includes the Medical College of Ohio, Dr. Kesler has nearly 20 years of experience in performing cosmetic procedures on a range of patients. He specializes in procedures for the face, body contouring, and breast augmentation. Patients from the greater Toledo area enjoy Dr. Kesler's surgical expertise and ability to customize each procedure to the patient.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Prior to her 2002 appointment, she was a staff physician at the Lincoln Medical and Mental Health Center pediatric unit in Bronx, N.Y., and the Children\u2019s Hospital #81 in Moscow, Russia. Her specialty interest is pediatric rehabilitation.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " She is also the award-winning author of the Human Body Detectives book and curriculum series.A contributing writer to Dandelion Moms, Organic Eats magazine, Parents Canada, and KIWI magazine, Dr. Heather was inspired to write The Human Body Detectives stories when she went on a search for books about healthy eating tips for parents and kids and couldn't find what she was looking for. She wanted to provide a fun and engaging resource that", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " The department is facilitated and is equipped with the latest technology. Dr. Atul has a great team of doctors working under him to treat the patients suffering from various diseases of chest and thorax.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She attended undergrad at Texas A&M University, graduating Magna Cum Laude with a B.S. in Biomedical Science. She obtained her Master of Physician Assistant Studies at the University of Texas Medical Branch in Galveston, Texas. She continued her studies by completing the Norwalk Hospital/Yale University School of Medicine PA Surgical Residency program, where she received the Linda Brandt Memorial Award for compassion and dedication to patient care as well as the Medical Writing Award.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He is Hip & Knee Surgeon & Consultant who has been extensively trained in the UK. Dr Niraj Vora is an experienced Joint Replacement Surgeon and a gold medallist in Orthopaedics from the University of Mumbai. [\u2026]", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " When she was three years old, her family immigrated to Los Angeles, California. In 1990, she completed her Bio-Psychology degree at El Camino College in Torrance, California. She traveled across the country to North Carolina in 1994 and began working for ABC Pediatrics.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He is committed to providing care for the underinsured, as well as participating in international humanitarian surgery. Dr. Kroener has more than 34 years of medical experience and welcomes new patients.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " With the police overloaded with crimes, Paul, burning for revenge, hunts for his family's assailants to deliver justice. As the anonymous slayings of criminals grabs the media's attention, the city wonders if this deadly avenger is a guardian angel...or a grim reaper", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He received an undergraduate degree in Biology from Creighton University and earned a medical degree from Creighton University School of Medicine. Dr. Pan completed a residency in integrated plastic surgery at University of Cincinnati and was chief plastic surgery resident at University of Cincinnati. He completed a fellowship in aesthetic surgery in Miami, Florida; a fellowship in plastic surgery at the Hospital for Sick Children in Toronto, Ontario; and completed a pediatric plastic surgery fellowship at Cincinnati Children\u2019s Hospital Medical Center.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He obtained his Medical degree from the University of Copenhagen in 1990. In 2009 he received Master Degree from Harvard Medical School-Laser & Aesthetic Skin Therapy.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He has held leadership positions within the North American Spine Society and Cervical Spine Research Society. During his career he has authored and lectured on spinal surgery, and he instructs orthopedic residents and spine fellows at William Beaumont Hospital.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He is an active member of the American Society of Aesthetic Plastic Surgery and also specializes in surgical and non-surgical facial rejuvenation procedures.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Born and raised in Ventura County, he attended college at the University of California, Los Angeles (UCLA) and graduated magna cum laude with a bachelor's degree in biology. While in attendance, Dr. Rearick participated in the UCLA Sports Medicine Internship Program working as an integral part of the athletic training staff for the men\u2019s basketball team. Through this experience, he became passionate about treating musculoskeletal injuries which started his pursuit of a career in orthopedic surgery.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She practices in Apo, Armed Forces Europe and has the professional credentials of M.D.. The NPI Number for Gwieneverea Delyce Duncan is 1215958871 and she holds a License No. MD422896 (Pennsylvania).", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He was previously at The Sloane Clinic Plastic Surgery Centre at Novena medical centre. He left to expand to a biger aesthetic beauty platform at SW1 Clinic and is currently head of plastic surgery at SW1.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She has a passion for educating patients and teaching them how to better their health and prevent chronic disease. Katie believes in creating trusting relationships with her patients, enabling them to live their healthiest life.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He performs many types of surgery, including leading-edge arthroscopic and minimally invasive procedures for shoulder and knee injuries, fractures and other trauma. Dr. Murphy specializes in direct anterior hip replacements by Stryker\u00ae, and outpatient total joint replacements.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He graduated from University of Queensland in 1994. Dr Tan Yih Kai also received Postgraduate Certificate in Health Informatics from University of Southampton in 2003 and completed training in General Surgery in the United Kingdom in 2006.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He believes that studies like these confirm social attitudes on hair loss, and \"may very well lead to an increase in the numbers of this already popular procedure over time.\"", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " George. He was happy to return to this area with his wife and four children when the opportunity arose. After graduating from the University of Utah School of Medicine and completing a five-year orthopedic surgery residency program at the University of Iowa, Clark completed a sports medicine \u2013 arthroscopy fellowship at the Southern California Orthopedic Institute of Sports Medicine.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He specializes in spine surgery, specifically minimally invasive spine surgery and microsurgery. Dr. Qureshi treats diseases and ailments such as herniated discs, scoliosis, spine tumors, and spinal chord injuries. Dr. Qureshi also provides nonsurgical treatment options including caudal steroid injection, facet joint injection, and lumbar epidural steroid injection. An associate professor at Mo...", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She graduated from University Of Southern California / Keck School Of Medicine in 2003 and specializes in physician assistant (pa), dermatology, and more.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " His practice utilizes a multidisciplinary approach to patient care focused on the improvement and treatment of underlying bone deficiencies, the use of biologic healing agents, and newer and less invasive techniques to surgically treat a number of spinal conditions.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He graduated from medical school at the University of New South Wales. In 2004, he completed a Masters in Epidemiology at the Johns Hopkins University Bloomberg School of Public Health in Baltimore, USA focusing on ophthalmic epidemiology and biostatistics. Following this, he was awarded the Delta Omega Scholarship to undertake a Fellowship in Preventative Ophthalmology at the Wilmer Eye Institute at Johns Hopkins Hospital, Baltimore, USA. He completed his Ophthalmology training at Royal Adelaide Hospital/Flinders Medical Centre in Adelaide in 2009. Following this, he completed subspecialty training in Glaucoma at Manchester Royal Eye Hospital, Manchester, U.K.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He works with all types of patients and specializes in cardiovascular disease treatment and prevention, nutrition, lipid management, weight control and chronic illness.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " When it comes to academics, she has completed her MBBS from Mysore Medical College, and subsequently, she did her DNB in Internal Medicine. She is very well updated with the latest advancements in her field of practice and has undergone several certificate courses. Dr. Sheetal also has many published papers in various journals of repute and has significantly contributed to the medical literature. Her special interests are critical care medicine and Diabetology. She treats all patients with general medical complaints.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He is also a 2001 graduate from Eastern University with his MBA in Healthcare Administration. William has 20 years of clinical experience as a Physician Assistant and has worked in primary care, occupational health, and urgent care.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He obtained his Medical Degree from the University of Pittsburgh and a Resident of Plastic Surgery from Washington University. He also worked as a fellow of Facial Plastic Surgery at the University of California. Certified by the American Board of Plastic Surgery, he has hospital affiliation at California Pacific Medical Center.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He says the 35th Annual ASAPS Meeting will focus on several hot topics such as practice management and operating room efficiencies, and will include the following presentations: \"The Current Breast Implant Issues,\" \"The Role of Autologous Fat Transfer/Grafting,\" and \"Body Contouring.\" Dr. Layt adds that a number of \"Free Papers,\" or presentations on trending topics, have already been included in the program, with more being added as the meeting approaches.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She practices in Broomfield, Colorado and has the professional credentials of MD. The NPI Number for Dr. Patricia L Little is 1679610364 and she holds a Licence No. DR40692 (Colorado).", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He is also a Professor of Plastic Surgery at the UT Southwestern Medical Center in this area. He is one of the best in his field and can perform a number of cosmetic procedures to help a person improve their appearance.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She practices in Anchorage, Alaska and has the professional credentials of M.D.. The NPI Number for Katharine Lamperti is 1083625560 and she holds a License No. 5715 (Alaska).", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " She graduated from the University of San Diego with Bachelors in Accounting and a Masters in Accounting and Financial Management. After working at KPMG in New York City, she moved back to California to be near her father who had been diagnosed with Heart Failure. She then went on to Physician Assistant School at the University of California at Davis, School of Medicine. Challenge Failure affords her the ability to combine her career and passion to inspire others to lead healthy lifestyles.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Dr. Rizk graduated from Rush Medical College of Rush University Medical Center in 1981 and has been in practice for 37 years. He completed a residency at Cook County Hospital. He currently practices at Sherif Labib Rizk MD and is affiliated with UPMC Presbyterian, UPMC Shadyside and UPMC St Margaret. Dr. Rizk accepts multiple insurance plans including Aetna, Medicare and Medicaid. Dr. Rizk also practices at Sherif Labib Rizk MD in Pittsburgh, PA.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He has a background in sports medicine, working for the first 7 1/2 years of his professional career as an Athletic Trainer in college, high school and physical therapy settings. He obtained his degree as a Physician Assistant, graduating for Massachusetts College of Pharmacy and Health Sciences in 2008.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " She is a Colorado native and focuses primarily on the intricacies of pain management. She has become a true asset to the practice and is well liked by the patient base.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He is the Director of the Neurosurgical Clinic at Children\u2019s and specializes in the surgical treatment of epilepsy as well as the pathophysiology and treatment of hydrocephalus. As director of the Neurodynamics Laboratory at the two hospitals, he brings a bioengineering and mathematical approach to the study of the basic science of these entities, as well as innovative devices to advance their treatment.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Finch has been in the practice since he graduated from the University of Auckland 26 years ago. Currently, Finch plies his trade under Royal Australasian College of Surgeons.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " His patients are frequently restricted after surgery, and it doesn\u2019t always make sense to prescribe a park visit. And, even when he does, he says there\u2019s not always time for an accompanying conversation. The prescription is often just tucked into discharge paperwork. But Wrenn is nonetheless a strong proponent of the idea.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He specializes in cosmetic and reconstructive surgery of the skin, face, body, and breast. He is also an expert in body contouring and non-surgical treatment.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He completed undergraduate studies at the University of Sydney in 1985 and became a Fellow of the Royal Australasian College of Surgeons in 1993. Post-Fellowship training was at the Royal Hallamshire Hospital in Sheffield under the supervision of Professor Christopher Chapple. Since his return to Australia, he has been a visiting urological surgeon at Westmead Hospital and the Sydney Adventist Hospital.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " A respected member of the American Board of Orthopedic Surgery, Dr. Shah\u2019s specialized expertise includes ACL (anterior cruciate ligament) repair, total joint replacement, and non-surgical treatment of arthritis.Beyond his clinical and surgical commitments, Dr. Shah serves as Assistant Clinical Professor at Tufts Medical Center, Department of Orthopaedics & Rehabilitative Medicine, and is a Staff Surgeon at Newton-Wellesley Hospital and MetroWest Medical Center.Dr. Shah is certified by the American Board of Orthopaedic Surgery and a Diplomate of the American Board of Orthopaedic Surgery.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He treats disorders involving bones, tendons, nerves, and blood vessels of the upper extremity in addition to general orthopedics. He is trained in fracture management, reconstruction, and microvascular and nerve surgery of the hand, arm, and elbow. He is a member of the American Academy of Orthopaedic Surgeons (AAOS) and a member of the American Society for Surgery of the Hand (ASSH). Dr. Jacobs feels that the best approach to orthopedic care involves excellent communication with his patients and a multidisciplinary approach. His goal is to offer the most effective and up-to-date approach to each patient\u2019s unique case.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He graduated from National University of Singapore (NUS) in 1987 and attained his surgical Fellowships in Royal College of Edinburgh and Royal College of Glasgow in 1992. In the same year, he attained his Master of Medicine in Surgery (NUS). During this period, he trained under two esteemed Professors of Surgery, Professor Abu Rauff and Professor Rajmohan Nambiar. From them, Dr Lim learnt the humility and the humanity of Surgery and that have since stayed with him.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Delozier graduated from University of Tennessee Health Science Center College of Medicine in 1982 and has been in practice for 36 years. He completed a residency at Vanderbilt University Medical Center. Dr. Delozier also specializes in Surgery. He currently practices at Joseph B Delozier III MD and is affiliated with TriStar Centennial Medical Center and Saint Thomas Midtown Hospital. Dr. Delozier accepts multiple insurance plans including TRICARE, Medicare and Humana.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Khanna\u2019s clinical interests include the treatment of a wide range of spine pathologies using techniques ranging from minimally invasive spine surgery to complex spinal reconstructions. Many of the patients that he sees are first treated with non-operative measures such as medications, physical therapy and interventional pain management modalities before surgical options are considered. In addition to the management of patients with typical degenerative conditions of the spine, Dr. Khanna has a special interest and expertise in the treatment of patients who have had prior spine surgery, require revision surgery or treatment at adjacent levels.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He received his training at Harvard and Johns Hopkins University. He has establishments in the San Diego, La Jolla, Chula Vista, and Del Mar areas. He is board-certified by the American Board of Plastic Surgery and the American Board of Facial Plastic and Reconstructive Surgery.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She graduated with honors in 2001. Having more than 17 years of diverse experiences, especially in PHYSICIAN ASSISTANT, Beth A Beasley affiliates with Decatur County Memorial Hospital, and cooperates with other doctors and specialists without joining any medical groups. Call Beth A Beasley on phone number (317) 739-4848 for more information and advice or to book an appointment.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Dr. Daniel and his team at Aesthetic Plastic Surgery have years of experience performing male breast reduction and other cosmetic surgery procedures to help men feel more confident about their bodies.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " After growing up in Long Island, NY, Bridget pursued her undergraduate degree at Saint Francis College in Pennsylvania where she graduated with a Bachelors Degree in Physician Assistant Sciences.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " She practices in Apo, Armed Forces Europe and has the professional credentials of PA-C. The NPI Number for Barbara B. Acevedo is 1316925845 and she holds a License No. 1066573 (Florida).", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " In 2010, Dr. Gonzalez graduated with his doctor of medicine degree from University of Illinois College of Medicine. He also attended John Marshall Law School, where he earned his Juris Doctor degree in 2006. He\u2019s currently completing his vascular surgery fellowship at the University of Michigan. His research interests include hospital quality and disparities in outcomes for vulnerable populations. In his spare time, Dr. Gonzalez enjoys photography.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Devices that are credited Today with extending the lives of thousands of people worldwide each year were tested at Baylor St. Luke\u2019s Medical Center and its research partner, the Texas Heart Institute. However the doctor and his research team committed serious medical malpractice to develop the devices. According to a new investigation released by ProPublica, the surgeon is accused of violating federal research rules and ethical guidelines.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Michelle graduated from the University of Otago Medical School in 2001 and undertook her early post graduate years working in Dunedin Hospital before moving to London in 2003. Whilst in London, Michelle worked for the St Georges Hospital Trust & University for 3 years undertaking training in Diabetes & Endocrinology, and also completing a post graduate Diploma in Healthcare Education. Michelle then returned to New Zealand to complete her specialist training in Endocrinology & Internal Medicine, initially returning to Dunedin before moving on to Wellington. She worked at Wellington Hospital from 2009 until 2012, making the transition into a consultant role there in 2011 before moving to Southland the following year.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Dr. Fitch completed medical school at Northeastern Ohio Universities College of Medicine in Rootstown, Ohio, followed by a fellowship in pediatric critical care medicine and a residency in combined internal medicine and pediatrics, both at the Cleveland Clinic Foundation. She is a Fellow of the American Academy of Pediatrics, Delegate-at-Large for the Executive Board of the Ohio Chapter of the American Academy of Pediatrics, member of the Association of Pediatric Program Directors, and former President of the Central Ohio Pediatric Society.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Namita has designed, built and scaled population health management programs and ACOs in a variety of provider settings as well as consulting to health care start-ups accelerating the shift from volume to value. She has been part of the initial Population Health and ACO leadership teams at both Partners Health Care and Tufts Medical Center. Namita has had industry experience as a management consultant with the Boston Consulting Group. Currently, she is the founding Clinical Editor for NEJM Catalyst, a new publication focused on defining and driving the conversation on practical innovations in health care delivery. Namita is a practicing hospitalist and faculty at Brigham and Women\u2019s Hospital and Harvard Medical School. She is a graduate of Yale College and Yale School of Medicine.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Dr. Salomone graduated from Emory University School of Medicine in 1991 and has been in practice for 27 years. He completed a residency at Shands Jacksonville Medical Center. He currently practices at Joseph Michael Salomone MD and is affiliated with Northwestern Medical Center. Dr. Salomone accepts multiple insurance plans including Aetna, Empire Blue Cross Blue Shield and Medicare. Dr. Salomone also practices at Northwestern Medical Center Radiology in Saint Albans, VT.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " His subspecialty involves the treatment of functional disorders, including Parkinson's disease, essential tremor, dystonia, and epilepsy. He also provides surgical treatments for people with chronic pain. Over a period of 20 years, Dr. Mandybur has performed more than 1,000 surgeries for movement disorders (deep brain stimulation and pallidotomy).", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He attended Emory Medical School in Atlanta, Georgia obtaining his Neurosurgical Training at the Barrow Neurological Institute in Phoenix, Arizona. He completed a Fellowship in Endovascular Neurosurgery at the University of Vienna, Austria allowing him to repair brain aneurysms entering the femoral artery without opening up the skull. This high-risk specialty includes emergency procedures to remove blood clots in the brains of stroke victims.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He is well-versed in the management of a wide range of ENT conditions and has a passion for the treatment of diseases of the nose and sinuses. Dr Gan Eng Cern was the Chief Rhinologist (Nose and Sinus Subspecialist) at Changi General Hospital, Singapore. He completed his subspecialty training in Rhinology and Endoscopic Skull Base Surgery at St Paul\u2019s Sinus Centre, University of British Columbia, Vancouver, Canada. Dr Gan Eng Cern was also a Senior Clinical Lecturer at Yong Loo Lin School of Medicine at the National University of Singapore.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He was formerly Fellowship Director of Joint Replacements and also Assistant Professor of Orthopedic Surgery at Mayo clinic Jacksonville. He is nationally recognized as a leader in operating room efficiencies and advanced patient rehabilitation for total joint replacements. Dr. Duffy currently serves as Medical Director for the Orthopedic Center of Excellence at St. Vincent\u2019s Medical Center Southside.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " With his extensive experience in bariatrics, Dr. Dirk is skilled at performing the right type of procedure for each patient. He prides himself on his one-on-one approach to patient healing and truly enjoys helping and watching each of his patients take the path to a healthier and more enjoyable lifestyle.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He is a leader in the region in the use of advanced surgical techniques for joint replacement. For knee replacement surgery, Dr. Hogan offers patients Conformis customized knee implants. Conformis implants are designed to fit the specific anatomy of each patient, offering many advantages, including a better fitting knee implant.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Air Force as chief of head and neck surgery at Maxwell Field during the Vietnam conflict. He has practiced muso shinden ryu iaido for 12 years and has been awarded the rank of sandan by the All-U.S. Kendo Federation. Bob Elder sensei has studied the martial arts since 1963, when he was introduced to judo through a book by Trevor Leggett. He later became a student of Isshin ryu karate and then became immersed in the Japanese sword arts. He owns East Coast Martial Arts Supply in Orlando, Florida....", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Kelly graduated from Tufts University School of Medicine in 2003 and has been in practice for 15 years. He completed a residency at Brook Army Medical Center. He currently practices at Kathy Dawn Grove MD and is affiliated with Methodist Hospital and Metropolitan Methodist Hospital. Dr. Kelly accepts multiple insurance plans including Aetna, Imagine Health - Innovative Health and Medicare.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She received a bachelor of science in biology from Old Dominion University in Norfolk, Va., and earned her master of physician assistant degree from Eastern Virginia Medical School, also in Norfolk.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " She earned her masters of medical science, physician assistant studies, from NOVA Southeastern University. Her undergraduate degree is from James Madison University. Mrs. Stevens is the lead advanced practitioner provider (APP) for the CHP Sexual Assault team, which is comprised of physicians, nurses, and APPs from the ED and the Child Advocacy Center. This committee meets on a monthly basis to complete peer review of cases and to review protocol and polices to provide optimal care of patients who present to CHP after a sexual assault.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He is Board Certified in foot surgery and reconstruction rear foot and ankle surgery. He also is on the Diplomate American Board of Podiatric Surgery.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " A widely published poet in the web and print, Amitabh has been hailed as one of the most popular Indian poet writing in English today by the Skyline Literary Review, New York. A large collection of his poetry is published on Boloji.com", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Her writings are currently featured in prominent medical magazines and various online publications. She holds a doctorate in medicine, a master's in biomedicine, and a Bachelor of Science in biology from Boston College.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " She works with patients to address the many facets of illness/imbalance\u2014biophysical, psychological, and spiritual\u2014and creates realistic treatment plans that incorporate a variety of modalities. She\u2019s the author of Transforming the Nature of Health and Freedom From Anxiety: A Holistic Approach to Emotional Well-Being. Find out more about Marcey and her work at marceyshapiromd.com.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " She is interested in a spiritual approach to medicine, illness, death and dying and is the author of two books. Check out her website at www.karenwyattmd.com", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Dr. Forthman earned his medical degree from Baylor College of Medicine in Houston, TX. He completed his general surgery internship at Massachusetts General Hospital and his orthopedic surgery residency at Harvard, where he served as a chief resident with an emphasis on complex shoulder, hand, and elbow surgery.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He is also assistant professor of neurological surgery at The Ohio State University College of Medicine. Dr. Sribnick has published more than 40 research publications, book chapters, reviews and case studies. His research and clinical interests focus on surgical and medical interventions for traumatic brain and spinal cord injuries. Dr. Sribnick has been recognized by his peers and mentors through many awards and honors, including the American Society for Neurochemistry Young Investigator Award (2004) and the George Tindell Resident Research Award (2012, 2013) from Emory University, where he completed his neurosurgery residency.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Overcash specializes in the management of high-risk pregnancies, including prenatal diagnosis with ultrasound, amniocentesis and genetic counseling. She works with obstetricians to co-manage complicated pregnancies and provides direct prenatal care to women with high-risk issues such as diabetes, obesity, and hypertension. Dr. Overcash believes that each woman should feel comfortable with her pregnancy. Her philosophy of care is to provide the tools, knowledge and education to help women navigate their complicated pregnancies with the goal of having a healthy baby.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He pioneers advanced orthopedic surgical and rehabilitation techniques to repair, regenerate and replace damaged cartilage and ligaments. For more info, visit www.stoneclinic.com.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Nevulis graduated from Jefferson Medical College at Thomas Jefferson University in 1976 and has been in practice for 42 years. He completed a residency at Pennsylvania Hospital. He currently practices at Norristown Orthopaedics and is affiliated with Mercy Suburban Hospital. Dr. Nevulis accepts multiple insurance plans including Aetna, Medicare and Capital Blue Cross.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Jelen graduated from Yale School of Medicine in 1978 and has been in practice for 40 years. He completed a residency at Hahnemann University Hospital. He currently practices at Joseph Jelen Jr MD and is affiliated with Nazareth Hospital. Dr. Jelen accepts multiple insurance plans including Aetna, Medicare and Humana.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Brady graduated from State University of New York Downstate Medical Center College of Medicine in 1987 and has been in practice for 31 years. He completed a residency at Hahnemann University Hospital. He currently practices at Michael Christian Coburn MD and is affiliated with Kent Hospital. Dr. Brady accepts multiple insurance plans including Aetna, Harvard Pilgrim and Tufts Health Plan. Dr. Brady also practices at Care New England Surgical Care in Warwick, RI.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " By deploying small organic molecules on a genome-wide scale to both perturb and understand bacterial infection, she hopes to identify new therapeutic prospects for a variety of devastating pathogens, including Vibrio cholerae, Pseudomonas aeruginosa and Mycobacterium tuberculosis.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He ran a large multidisciplinary integrative clinic until December 2016. Dr. Vincent is married with eight children and currently resides in Kona, Hawaii. He works from home, helping chronically ill people around the world via telemedicine consultation, and sending Low Dose Immunotherapy to their homes.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He treats a variety of sports injuries, both surgically and non-surgically, focusing on shoulder and knee issues and non-operative tendonitis treatments.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He began his practice with Florida Orthopaedic Institute in March 1995. Prior to Florida Orthopaedic Institute, Dr. Hess was a full-time physician with the University of South Florida. He is a native of Ohio and a graduate of John Carroll University. He received a Master of Science Degree at Case Western Reserve University in Cleveland. He graduated from the University of Cincinnati College of Medicine in 1985 and completed his residency in Orthopaedic Surgery at the University of Pittsburgh College of Medicine. Dr. Hess then completed a year of fellowship training in Hand and Microvascular Surgery at the University of South Florida.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He performs laparoscopic obesity surgery since 1994 and is experienced in gastric banding, gastric bypass, intragastric stimulation and intragastric balloon procedures. He specializes in laparoscopic redo surgery where he converts failed previous obesity surgery to gastric bypass laparoscopically.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He is a member of the American Society of Plastic Surgeons and has been with WESTMED Plastic Surgery since 2002. He is a Clinical Instructor in Surgery at Weill Medical College of Cornell University in New York City.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Bezwada graduated from Albany Medical College in 1993 and has been in practice for 24 years. He completed a residency at McP Hahnemann University. He currently practices at Princeton Orthopedics Associates PA and is affiliated with University Medical Center at Princeton at Plainsboro. Dr. Bezwada accepts multiple insurance plans including Aetna, Medicare and AmeriHealth. Dr. Bezwada also practices at Amendo Brown Kossow & Tang MDs in Monroe Township, NJ. In addition to English, Dr. Bezwada's practice supports these languages: Polish and Spanish.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Caplan earned her medical degree at Kansas City University of Medicine and Biosciences in Kansas City, Missouri, in 2013. She then completed an internship and residency program in internal medicine at the Palm Beach Consortium for Graduate Medical Education and West Palm Hospital in West Palm Beach.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " She undertook intensive training in aesthetics and performs Botox, injectable fillers, laser, microneedling, skin care consults, as well as medical dermatology.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " In addition, she trained as a physiotherapist and maintained an active license for 30 years. She is appointed at the University of Toronto, Department of Family and Community Medicine as an associate clinical professor.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Working on blood from prison inmates, her theory begins to prove itself time and again with violent offenders. The variety of crimes is diverse: one couple murders their children for organ money, another man kidnaps young girls to seduce and kill them, yet another has a penchant for cyanide.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " With a team of research students under his supervision, he is no stranger to the challenges and struggles of a novice researcher. Drawing on his personal experiences, and using memorable anecdotes, he taught the candidates how to turn a clinical problem into a structured research question, and how to perform a relevant literature search. He further discussed ways to select and recruit patients, as well as to appropriately measure study outcomes.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He earned his medical degree at El Rosario University, he also earned a Maxillofacial Surgery International Specialization at Mount Sinai Hospital, New York- United States. He had an internship in the Plastic Surgery department at New York University. With a special United States Visa for his unique and recognized attributes in the field of plastic surgery.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He received his medical education at The New York University School of Medicine. Dr. Rios completed a residency in General Surgery at The University of Texas Southwestern Medical Center in Dallas. He obtained his Plastic Surgery training from the prestigious Department of Plastic Surgery at The University of Texas Southwestern Medical Center in Dallas. Dr. Rios performs a wide variety of reconstructive procedures and cosmetic plastic surgery.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Based upon 40 years of surgical experience performing arthroscopic knee surgery, total and partial knee replacements, and total knee revision surgery, his current practice focuses on non-operative evaluation and treatment of adult knee disorders. A fifth-generation physician whose father was an orthopedic surgeon, Dr. Robb says his career in medicine was in his blood. Dr. Robb is a careful listener who takes time to both care for his patients on a personal level and understand their expectations. He tailors his treatment plan individually to each patient\u2019s desired outcomes. Non-surgical treatments frequently include activity modification, lifestyle changes, physical therapy, medications [...]", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She studied naturopathic medicine at Bastyr University, graduating receiving extra curricular training in homeopathy, kinesio taping, craniosacral therapy, visceral manipulation, biofeedback, as well as a two-year counseling internship as a student counselor at the university.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " In Canada Dr. Da Luz completed a trauma surgery fellowship and a critical care medicine fellowship, both at the University of Toronto. Luis also obtained a MSc focused in traumatic brain injury at the Institute of Medical Science, U of T and is currently enrolled in a second MSc at the Institute of Health Policy, Management and Evaluation at U of T, focusing on clinical epidemiology. Luis joins the division of general surgery as assistant professor, surgeon scientist, and staff physician at Sunnybrook Health Sciences Centre. He balances his clinical practice with his academic research interests in resuscitation of severely injured trauma patients, acute trauma coagulopathy, and systematic reviews and meta-analysis in surgery, trauma and critical care. Luis will also lead projects of quality improvement in trauma care at Sunnybrook.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Kraus received his medical degree from the Medical College of Virginia School of Medicine. He is board-certified by the American Board of Surgery and performs surgery at Riverside Doctors' Hospital Williamsburg.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He is certified by the American Board of Plastic Surgery and is a member of the American Society of Plastic Surgeons (ASPS), the American Society for Aesthetic Plastic Surgery (ASAPS), and the International Society of Aesthetic Plastic Surgery (ISAPS).", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She earned her Master of Health Science in Physician Assistant Studies from South College in Knoxville, TN and her Bachelor of Medical Science from Emory University School of Medicine. Prior to PA school, she worked in orthopedics alongside many of Atlanta's professional sports teams. Lacey is certified through the NCCPA and is an active member of the American Academy of Physician Assistants and the Society of Dermatology Physician Assistants.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " She delivers here a short talk about the diagnosis and management of Hepatitis B, concentrating on some basic concepts. Alicio covers the basic features of infectivity and epidemiology and explains the concepts behind chronicity of infection and the relationship to disease expression.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " She completed medical training at University College London Medical School, UK, and after postgraduate training in internal medicine, including HIV medicine in UK and Australia, moved in 2007 to Cape Town to work in HIV/TB research. She completed her research doctorate in clinical epidemiology of HIV-associated TB at Imperial College London, based in Khayelitsha, Cape Town. She is currently working as a senior research medical officer at the Institute of infectious Disease and Molecular Medicine, and School of Public Health at the University of Cape Town. Her current research focus is population health transition and the spatial and temporal epidemiology of the interaction between established epidemics of HIV and TB, and emerging non-communicable disease epidemics e.g. diabetes and hypertension in transitional societies such as South Africa. She is a member of the South African Young Academy of Science.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " His areas of special interest include ACL reconstruction & Meniscal repair, knee arthroscopy, knee replacement, hip replacement, revision hip and knee joint replacement, and patella (knee cap) stabilisation.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " This specialist in plastic surgery who is practicing out of the San Diego area has honed skills diligently throughout the years. Mark Mofid attended two different universities. The first being the prestigious Harvard University where he graduated Magna Cum Laude. The second was Johns Hopkins University where he learned many skills and achieved much like a medical degree, general surgery and plastic surgery training, and an advanced craniofacial research fellowship. This long list of education prepared him and made him one of the premier plastic surgeons in the world.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " In particular, she has helped establish a permanent rotating position for an emergency medicine advanced trainee to work at Divine Word University and Modilon General Hospital in Madang, Papua New Guinea. Dr Phillips has also developed a relationship with Australian Volunteers International (AVI), so that trainees working in Madang are supported through the Australian Volunteers for International Development program.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He completed his post-medical school training as a Resident of Plastic Surgery from Montefiore Medical Center. He also worked as a fellow of Plastic Surgery from the same medical center. Certified by the American Board of Plastic Surgery, Dr. William Rahal has hospital affiliation at Cedars Sinai Medical Center.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " His specific interests include cartilage restoration procedures, partial knee replacement, total hip and knee replacements, and revision joint replacement. Dr. Fraser strives to provide a personalized treatment plan for every patient, with the shared goal of returning all patients to a high level of function. He believes in maximizing nonoperative treatments, but when surgery is recommended, Dr. Fraser utilizes the latest evidence-based techniques to maximize recovery and outcomes.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He is also the Honorary Clinical Associate Professor of The Chinese University of Hong Kong. He provides minimal invasive spine surgery and non-surgical treatment of spinal conditions including spinal tumor, trauma, degenerative scoliosis, cervical radiculopathy, cervical myelopathy, prolapsed lumbar disc, spondylolisthesis, spinal stenosis and scoliosis, facet joint pain, discogenic back pain.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Kiener graduated from University of Cincinnati College of Medicine in 1981 and has been in practice for 37 years. He completed a residency at University of Illinois College of Medicine. He currently practices at Joseph L Kiener MD and is affiliated with Renown Regional Medical Center. Dr. Kiener accepts multiple insurance plans including Aetna, Hometown Health and Health Plan of Nevada. In addition to English, Dr. Kiener's practice supports this language: Spanish.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She graduated from the National College of Naturopathic Medicine in 1996 and has been licensed to practice naturopathic medicine in BC since that time.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He specializes in minimally invasive surgery of the shoulder and the knee and has successfully performed various knee and shoulder surgeries addressing both mild and severe orthopedic conditions.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " For several years, individuals have went to his practice from all through the entire Dominican Republic and also the United States and surrounding countries. He's earned a really positive reputation thanks to his expertness, working experience, and superb results.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He has certification from the the American Board of Plastic Surgery (ABPS) and the American Board of Facial Plastic and Reconstructive Surgery (AAFPRS). Dr. Mofid\u2019s practice is located in La Jolla. Mark Mofid graduated from Harvard University with honors. At [\u2026]", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Stancofski is a strong proponent of individualizing treatment approaches for different people, because doctors don\u2019t treat disease, he said, they treat individuals with diseases. To learn more about Beebe General Surgery\u2014Cape, call (302) 645-7050 or visit www.beebemedicalgroup.org/locations/beebe-general-surgery-cape-office.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He practices in surgery with a specialty in Uro-Oncology, Robotic Surgery in Urology and Minimally Invasive surgery in Urology. He received his medical degree from the College of Medicine at Seoul National University in 1978. He did his residency for Internal Medicine at the University of Alberta in 1982. He did his residency for Urology at Queen\u2019s University in 1986. He did his clinical Fellow in Uro-Oncology at the University of Toronto in 1987.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She graduated from Florida State University with a Bachelor\u2019s in Biology in 2013. She then worked as an Emergency Room Scribe for 2 years until starting PA school at Nova Southeastern University in Fort Lauderdale, FL. She became a Physician Assistant in 2017 and moved to Frisco to be closer to her boyfriend\u2019s family and start her career. She loves watching Florida State football, spending time with her family and corgi Archie, cooking, traveling, and working out.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Dr. Sohn graduated from University of California San Diego School of Medicine in 2006 and has been in practice for 11 years. He currently practices at Davis Dental Associates and is affiliated with The University of Toledo Medical Center. Dr. Sohn accepts multiple insurance plans including Aetna, Blue Cross Blue Shield of Michigan and Medical Mutual of Ohio. Dr. Sohn also practices at Promedica Defiance Regional Hospital in Defiance, OH.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " After graduating with honors from Columbia University, College of Physicians and Surgeons, he completed his surgical training at Dartmouth Hitchcock Medical Center. With additional training as research fellow in tumor immunology at the Dana-Farber Cancer Institute, he then pursued his interest in thoracic surgery as a resident at Brigham and Women\u2019s Hospital. He is board certified in both general surgery and thoracic surgery.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She is currently a senior at Spelman College where she is working towards a Bachelor of Science degree in Mathematics. Kayla is a member of the Ethel Waddell Githii Honors Program, National Society of Collegiate Scholars, Alpha Lambda Delta, Pi Mu Epsilon, and Phi Beta Kappa. [\u2026]", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He practices at the East Bay Neurosurgery and Spine Clinic and is also affiliated with Alta Bates Summit Medical Center. His patients know him for his minimally invasive treatment approach for common spinal disorders.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " During residency he deepened his knowledge in Traumatology and General Orthopedic during first three years, while in the last two years he attended the most important Orthopedic Oncology Department in the world (AOUC Careggi, Florence, headed by Professor Capanna; MSKCC in New York, NY, headed by Professor Healey; Children Hospital in Boston, MA, headed by Professor Gebhartd). After residency Dr Caff worked for 1 year in a trauma center in Sciacca, Sicily and now he is joining a clinical and research fellowship at Department of Orthopedic Oncology in Florence. He published more than 50 papers in national and international journals.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She practices in Fairbanks, Alaska and has the professional credentials of MD. The NPI Number for Janice Onorato is 1134197932 and she holds a License No. 3567 (Alaska).", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Michael's Hospital which focuses on trauma and inner city health. She did her medical school at the Chicago Medical School and residency at the University of Southern California/Los Angeles County Hospital and at the University of Toronto. Dr. Chacko has a special interest in resident teaching and is currently completing a Masters of Education. Melissa and her husband Tim have been members/ attenders at Grace for the past 6-7 years. They are expecting their first baby in May of this year.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He earned his medical degree from the Johns Hopkins University School of Medicine in 2009. He completed his residency in orthopedic surgery at the NYU Hospital for Joint Diseases in 2014, and completed his fellowship in orthopedic sports medicine there in 2015. He completed his Cleveland Combined Hand and Upper Extremity Fellowship at Cleveland Clinic and Metro-Health Medical Center in 2016.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He earned his medical and doctoral degree at the University of Copenhagen in Denmark and completed his residency at the North Shore University Hospital at Hofstra North Shore School of Medicine. He completed his fellowship in general cardiology at the University of South Alabama and a fellowship in clinical cardiac electrophysiology at Johns Hopkins University.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He also offers medical spa services such as BOTOX\u00ae Cosmetic injections and laser hair removal. Narasimhan Plastic Surgery is located in St. Petersburg and serves patients from Tampa Bay, Clearwater as well as South Florida.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She is a Fellow of the American Academy of Family Practice, a member and diplomat of the American Society of Bariatric Physicians and a past Trustee of the American Society of Bariatric Physicians (1997 - 1999). She has been president of the Women Physicians of Palm Beach County from 1996 to the present and former International President of the International Academy of Bariatric Physicians (1985 - 1986). Born in Morocco, she now resides in West Palm Beach, Florida with her husband, John Merey, M.D. They have a son, Andrew, a daughter, DeAnne, and three grandchildren, Alec, Mikala and Peter.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " She has been practicing from the last 18 years. She is passionate about her work as a Homeopathic doctor and is also passionate about cooking (Other Recipe Blogs), equity markets and quest into spirituality. All the four have now become an integral part of her life!", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He graduated from the Royal College of Surgeons in Ireland and began his surgical training in the U.K. After obtaining the gold medal in primary FRCS and completed the basic surgical training, he started his Plastic Surgery specialist surgical training after spending time in research concerning wound healing and burns.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Martin is a member of the American Society for Metabolic and Bariatric Surgery. He is a 1979 graduate of University of Texas Southwestern Medical School. He completed his residency in general surgery at Wake Forest University Bowman Gray School of Medicine, which also included a clinical research fellowship in surgery.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Vaccaro graduated from Autonomous University of Guadalajara Faculty of Medicine in 1973 and has been in practice for 44 years. He completed a residency at Kings County Hospital Center. He currently practices at David J. Bikoff MD and is affiliated with Mount Sinai St Luke's Hospital. Dr. Vaccaro accepts multiple insurance plans including Medicare and Multiplan. Dr. Vaccaro also practices at John J Vaccaro MD PA in Toms River, NJ.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Bae is a leading researcher in stem cell repair of degenerative disc disease as well as the use of growth factors to treat spinal cord injury. He is nationally recognized as an expert in minimally invasive surgery, artificial disc replacement and non-fusion technologies, and motion preservation technology.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Voelker graduated from Indiana University School of Medicine in 1981 and has been in practice for 36 years. He currently practices at West Virginia University and is affiliated with Ohio Valley Medical Center and WVU Healthcare Ruby Memorial Hospital. Dr. Voelker accepts multiple insurance plans including Aetna, Medicare and Humana. Dr. Voelker also practices at WVU School of Medicine Radiology in Morgantown, WV. In addition to English, Dr. Voelker's practice supports these languages: Korean, Arabic, French and Spanish.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She graduated cum laude for Allegheny College with a Bachelor of Biology degree in 2000, then went on to attend Arcadia University in Philadelphia, where she earned a Master of Medical Science in Physician Assistant Studies degree. She is certified by the National Commission on Certification of Physician Assistants. Sarah is a member of the American Academy of Physician Assistants and the Georgia Academy of Physician Assistants. She practiced in internal medicine and pediatrics for five years before coming to work at Women's Healthcare Associates in 2006. Sarah is on St. Mary's Young Professionals Board, and she is a member of the Athens Area Cancer Auxiliary which raises money for local cancer patients. She lives in Athens with her husband and three sons.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " The new guidelines are for men and women ages 45 to 75 of average risk for colon cancer . \"Nothing that would have indicated that she would have colon cancer at such a young age\", said Sanford. (more...)", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Mari is the parent of a child born with congenital heart disease. She is dedicated to increasing awareness about CHD, promoting research for congenital heart disease, and providing support for families of children with CHD.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " She served as Physician in Charge of Preventive Medicine from 2008 to 2016. She is now the Physician Lead of the Adult Weight Management and Bariatric Surgery Program at Kaiser Riverside. Dr. Osano is a volunteer clinical faculty member for Kaiser Riverside Family Medicine, UC Riverside Internal Medicine, and Loma Linda University Preventive Medicine programs. She is also a volunteer mentor for Hippocrates Circle, Kaiser Permanente\u2019s program to encourage middle-school students toward careers in medicine. In her spare time, Dr. Osano enjoys running, literature, jazz music, church ministry, and travel.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " She focuses her practice on inflammatory and autoimmune disease, skin conditions (acne, rosacea, eczema and psoriasis) and gastrointestinal disorders, specifically the connection between small intestinal bacterial overgrowth (SIBO) and IBS. She currently consults with physicians across Canada on the use of lactulose breath testing for diagnosing small intestinal bacterial overgrowth (SIBO). Her personal mission as a doctor is to support patients on their health journey through offering evidence-based integrative healthcare, collaborating with other healthcare providers and advocating for her patients to ensure that they receive the best care possible.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " In 1994, he founded the international medical relief organization called EMERGENCY, which now operates more than 60 medical facilities in 17 countries, and has saved more that 8 million lives.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Werries graduated from University of Pittsburgh School of Medicine in 1997 and has been in practice for 21 years. He completed a residency at Akron General Medical Center. He currently practices at Tri-State Orthopaedics & Sports Medicine and is affiliated with Ohio Valley General Hospital, UPMC Passavant and UPMC St Margaret. Dr. Werries accepts multiple insurance plans including Aetna, Medicare and Cigna. Dr. Werries also practices at Tri-State Orthopaedics & Sports Medicine in Pittsburgh, PA.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She practices in Fargo, North Dakota and has the professional credentials of M.D.. The NPI Number for Mrs. Rachel Carol Ness is 1205031713 and she holds a License No. 9784 (North Dakota).", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Dr. Hill received his medical degree from University of California, Los Angeles, and completed his postgraduate residency training at Howard University. He completed an internship in general surgery at Martin Luther King Medical Center.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She earned her medical degree from Faculty of Medicine and Pharmacy in Morocco in 2000. Dr. Ouansafi completed her residency at North Shore Long Island Jewish Health System and conducted her fellowship at Memorial Sloan Kettering Cancer Center in 2011. She also completed a fellowship in hematopathology at New York Presbyterian Hospital \u2013 Weill Cornell Medical College in 2010.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Paul, Minnesota. His specialties include hand, wrist, elbow, carpal tunnel syndrome, arthritis and chronic pain, reconstructive surgery, and restoration of balance and function due to stroke or cerebral palsy.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Her research is on mechanisms implicated in blood production and disorders of blood. Her work has been partly focused on FOXO transcription factors and their contributions to the healthy blood formation. She has been trained in Medicine in Paris, France, obtained her PhD in Vancouver, Canada and further training at the Whitehead Institute for Biomedical Research at MIT in Cambridge, USA. She has been at the ISMMS since 2003.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Originally from the UK, he studied medicine and worked in London before moving to Wellington in 2008 to complete his training. He is currently involved in the Dunedin Hospital redevelopment plan as it moves to a more generalist model.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Comfort to coordinate excellent orthopedic patient care. Her responsibilities include clinical evaluation and treatment, performing clinical procedures such as joint injections, assisting in surgery, prescribing medications, and helping to manage patients.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " In addition to performing first-time surgeries, he also is an expert is repairing problems resulting from previous cosmetic surgery. He practices medicine in Beverly Hills, California where he has built a reputation-among both patients and fellow physicians-as \u201cDr. Fix-It.\u201d", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She is also the associate medical director of Seattle Children\u2019s Immunotherapy Coordinating Center, where she supports the implementation of cellular immunotherapies within CureWorks. In addition, Dr. Gardner is an assistant professor of pediatrics at the University of Washington School of Medicine.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " She practices in Anchorage, Alaska and has the professional credentials of MD. The NPI Number for Alina Nicole Schneider is 1780793448 and she holds a License No. 102126 (Alaska).", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " She uses this position to highlight the deplorable state of affairs in Kenya\u2019s public healthcare facilities. She has recently been selected as an Acumen Fund East African Fellow: Wambui Waithaka", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Dr. Cropsey has been instrumental in starting a surgical ministry in Togo. He is still very active in their surgical ministry and envisions working towards creating a future PAACS surgical residency program for Africans. This endowment has been created to help fund surgical training of residents in Togo as a future PAACS site to honor Dr. Cropsey\u2019s work.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He is a member of both the American Society of Plastic Surgeons and the American Society for Aesthetic Plastic Surgeons. Dr. Person has also been named among \u201cWashington\u2019s Top Plastic Surgeons\u201d by the Washingtonian magazine and \u201cAmerica\u2019s Top Plastic Surgeons\u201d by the Consumer Research Council of America. In addition to keeping up with the latest in plastic surgery, Dr. Person lectures others on his findings.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She also teaches point of care ultrasound at the Australian Institute of Ultrasound, and has recently joined a private telehealth service MyEmergencyDoctor with the intent of one day combining all these skills to improve delivery of healthcare outside big cities.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " As a physician, she recognizes and seeks to understand the variability in the biologic behavior of different cancers that transcends the currently used pathologic metrics of grade, histology and stage. She studies the genetic changes occurring in ovarian cancer DNA, with the goals of better defining the events that lead to ovarian cancer initiation and progression, and identifying novel therapeutic targets and treatments. The ultimate goal of her work is to identify novel molecular targets that can be inhibited in order to restore platinum sensitivity to chemo resistant ovarian cancers and to improve on the prognosis of women affected with this lethal malignancy.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He graduated from The University of Hong Kong\u2019s Faculty of Medicine in 1968 and joined the Department of Orthopaedic Surgery in 1973 as Lecturer. From 1972 to 1977, he pursued his specialty training in orthopaedic surgery in Hong Kong, United Kingdom, and USA. He advanced to Senior Lecturer, Reader, and eventually Chair Professor in 1990.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He is member of Court of Examiners for MRCS with the Royal College of Surgeons of England & FRCS Intercollegiate Board and also involved in Quality Assurance of Assessments. He has worked as Senior Lecturer (Hon) in Medical Education and is a teacher, trainer, examiner and mentor for Medical Students, Surgical trainees as well as Consultants.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " His specialist areas of practice include the treatment of oesophageal and gastric cancer, acid reflux and hiatus hernias, achalasia, abdominal and groin hernias and gallstones.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He completed his MBBS from the National University of Singapore in 1984. He then continued for further studies in sports medicine and obtained Masters in Sports Science (Sports Medicine) from the United States Sports Academy in 1988 where he graduated as its top student.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Edwards is the immediate past president of the American Society for Aesthetic Plastic Surgery (ASAPS) and the current chair of the Board of Trustees. Although fully credentialed to practice all aspects of aesthetic and reconstructive plastic surgery, Dr. Edwards has chosen to focus his expertise on all aspects of primary and revision breast surgery.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " His areas of expertise are Plastic and Reconstructive Surgeries, offering procedures from plastic and reconstructive surgery, body contour surgery, face/ breast/ skin and body surgery, face-lift, rhinoplasty, otoplasty, eyelid surgery, chin augmentation, cheek augmentation, lip augmentation, lip implants, laser resurfacing, botox injections, hair transplant surgery, breast augmentation/reduction/lift, liposuction, abdominoplasty, scar revision surgery, sclerotherapy, laser resurfacing, dermabrasion, microdermabrasion, lesion removal, to laser hair removal. Dr Fischer M.D. has achieved many prestigious awards including NJ Top Docs, Top Plastic Surgeons, and Physicians Recognition Award \u2013 American Medical Association. Visit www.robertsfischermd.com for more info.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He is primarily a specialist in facial surgery, with his private practice predominantly focused on cosmetic and reconstructive facial plastic surgery.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He is one of six general surgeons at MAHC and came to Muskoka after a two-year stint in Papua New Guinea where he and his wife volunteered with Cuso. He is known for his contributions to health care outside of Muskoka as a volunteer aid worker with the Canadian Red Cross Emergency Response Team, which took him to Haiti in 2010. In addition, Dr. Kirkpatrick travels to Iqaluit annually to provide locum support for that community.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " A native of Saskatchewan, Dr Al-Ghoul completed his medical degree and Ophthalmology residency training in Saskatoon. He subsequently completed a fellowship in the field of cornea and anterior segment surgery from the prestigious University of Pittsburgh Medical Centre (UPMC). Dr. Al-Ghoul is duly certified to practice in both Canada and the United States as he obtained both his FRCSC (Canada) and Dip ABO (USA) certifications.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She holds a PhD in Literature and is an award-winning writer of fiction and medical essays. Her Quarterly Essay Dear Life: On caring for the elderly was published in 2015. She writes a monthly column (\u2018The Medicine\u2019) for the Monthly magazine. Her collection of short stories Little White Slips won the 2010 Queensland Premier\u2019s Steele-Rudd award.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He has treated many breast surgery patients, including breast lift and breast augmentation Orange County patients. He also specializes in facial plastic surgery such as nose surgery, face lift and eyelid lift in Newport Beach.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " His solution was to leave his practice and spend the final three years of his career in locums positions in underserved rural areas. This creative solution allowed him the ability to control the amount of time he was working and schedule protected time off for recreational travel and family time, something a surgeon in private practice might otherwise have great difficulty in accomplishing. For those whose specialty is all or none, and whose personal circumstances permit (empty nesters come to mind) locums work offers a viable solution.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She received her Bachelor of Science degree at Washington State University in Pullman, WA and went on to complete a Masters in Physician Assistant studies at the University of Washington in Spokane and Seattle, WA. She is nationally certified by the NCCPA and an active member of the American Academy of Physician Assistants.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " In his NHS work he is one of three consultants at the burns unit at Stoke Mandeville hospital. He also is involved in breast reconstruction on the NHS, including a specialist breast reconstruction process in which tummy tissue is removed and used to reconstruct the breast \u2013 so it is effectively a tummy tuck and a breast reconstruction in one.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She received her undergraduate degree in Biology from Bethel University. She completed her Master's degree in Physician Assistant Practice from Rosalind Franklin University of Medical Sciences in Chicago. Prior to coming to the University of MN she worked in Family Practice with Westside Community Health Services in St Paul and for MN Oncology in Coon Rapids.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " She practices in Brighton, Massachusetts and has the professional credentials of M.D.. The NPI Number for Allison L Keel is 1114142932 and she holds a License No. 239222 (Massachusetts).", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He treats obesity, gastroesophageal reflux disease, abdominal wall hernias, breast cancer, as well as other gastrointestinal surgical diseases. Dr. Sebesta is a Fellow of the American College of Surgeons, and a Fellow of the American Society of Metabolic and Bariatric Surgeons. In his free time, he enjoys fishing, outdoor sports and watching his children\u2019s sporting events.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Wong Sen Chow practices at S C Wong Surgery Pte Ltd in Thomson, Singapore. He completed MBBS from NUS-Singapore in 1972,M Med (Gen Surg) from NUS-Singapore in 1977 and FRACS (Gen Surg) from RACS, Australia in 1980. Some of the services provided by the doctor are: Endoscopy,Laparoscopic Surgery,Lumbar Puncture,Hernia Repair Surgery and Colorectal Surgery etc.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Lloyd uses found wood from the Charleston \"urban forest\" to create both simple bowls for everyday use as well as more creative bowls which may be additionally carved and colored. His most challenging pieces are his \"sweet gum baskets\" which were inspired by Charleston's traditional Gullah sweet grass baskets.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She graduated from Lincoln Memorial University- DeBusk College of Osteopathic Medicine with her Master of Science in Physician Assistant Studies in 2017. She is originally from Wichita, Kansas where she received her undergraduate degree in Biology and Chemistry from Friends University. Courtney has also served time in the medical field as a Nurse\u2019s Aide, Home Health Aide, and Medical Assistant, where she gained invaluable lessons in patient care.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He also teaches his craft at UT Southwestern Medical Center. One of the procedures he teaches to his students is rhinoplasty, or more commonly known as a nose job. He has written many articles and textbooks about rhinoplasty is considered one of the best surgeons in the business at this procedure.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " As well as clinical interests in the treatment of patients with bone and soft tissue tumours, he has an interest in the use of new technologies and the internet in healthcare.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She attended Stanford University and Case Western Reserve University Medical School. She obtained a Masters in Public Health at the University of California at Berkeley. Her medical training includes an Internal Medicine residency at the Brigham and Women\u2019s Hospital in Boston and a Pulmonary/Critical Care fellowship at the University of California, San Francisco. She is a co-founder of Vital Decisions, which provides telephone-based counseling for patients with life-limiting illness. She has been published in the New York Times, The Atlantic and the San Francisco Chronicle. She is working on her first book dealing with death and dying in the ICU. She lives with her family in the San Francisco Bay Area.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Dr. Jejurikar is a specialist in cosmetic surgery of the body, breast and face, but has gained particular acclaim for his work with gluteal augmentation with fat (Brazilian Butt Lift). He has spoken at numerous national and international meetings on gluteal augmentation and is a member of the International Multisociety Gluteal Fat Grafting Task Force designed to prevent fatal fat embolism with Brazilian Butt Lift. Dr. Jejurikar has been named to numerous top doctor lists and is highly regarded by his peer and patients.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Malaysian-born and Canadian-trained, he left his native country in 1963. He keeps a close track of the social and political developments in Malaysia, including a 30-month stint as a surgeon there from 1976-78.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He is expert in Tummy Tuck, Mommy Makeover and Breast Implants and completed his Medical Education from the University of Texas. After its completion, he joined Plastic Surgery Training Program at the University of Texas. He also got the privilege to work as a Resident of Plastic Surgery and has board certification of The American Board of Plastic Surgery. All his certifications and excellence is the reason for his dedication and patients support. He dedicated his 9 years of journey in performing Mommy Makeover, Tummy Tuck and Breast Lift.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He is an expert at removing foreign objects from the esophagus and trachea and has removed objects from more than 1,000 kids. In an interview, he spoke about how children put many different things in their mouth due to curiosity, and this is even more so the case for children who are two and younger. These objects usually end up in the stomach and nothing bad happens. At other times, these objects end up getting stuck inside the esophagus or go into the windpipe. This causes breathing difficulties, wheezing, and swallowing problems.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " As the Co-director of Research and Education for the Scoliosis Service, he is a lead investigator for numerous research studies and has won multiple awards in the national and international arena. Dr. Kim has also volunteered time as a surgeon at the FOCOS hospital in Ghana, West Africa where he has successful operated on over 50 rare and complex spinal deformities.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He travels to these locations, performing vital heart and lung transplant surgeries, in addition to setting up vital hospitals to look after the sick.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She has treated chronic pain noninvasively in addition to headaches and anxiety. She has a 300 hour Ayurveda certification and is a certified yoga instructor. These varied skills allow her to use many holistic techniques to work with patients to find healing.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Dr. Vanek graduated from Indiana University School of Medicine in 1982 and has been in practice for 36 years. He completed a residency at St Elizabeth Health Center. He currently practices at St Elizabeth Health Center and is affiliated with St Elizabeth Health Center. Dr. Vanek accepts multiple insurance plans including Aetna, Medical Mutual of Ohio and Medicare. Dr. Vanek also practices at St Elizabeth Health Center in Youngstown, OH. In addition to English, Dr. Vanek's practice supports these languages: Arabic and Spanish.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Flack graduated from New York Medical College in 1980 and has been in practice for 37 years. He completed a residency at Jackson Health System. Dr. Flack also specializes in Thoracic Surgery (Cardiothoracic Vascular) and Vascular Surgery. He currently practices at Baystate Medical Center and is affiliated with Baystate Medical Center. Dr. Flack accepts multiple insurance plans including Aetna, Harvard Pilgrim and Tufts Health Plan. In addition to English, Dr. Flack's practice supports these languages: French, Spanish, Arabic, Russian and German.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She received her medical degree from Wake Forest University School of Medicine and completed her residency training in obstetrics and gynecology at Oregon Health and Science University. She received a B.A. in molecular biology from Princeton University.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " She has worked with survivors of systemic injustices in Somalia, South Africa, Israel, Croatia, and Kosovo. Working with Physicians for Human Rights, she developed Bosnia\u2019s mass-grave exhumation and identification program. She is the founder of the Life After Exoneration Program, which helps exonerated prisoners in the United States with their transitions after release. She is a visiting scholar at the University of California, Berkeley\u2019s Institute of International Studies, co-editor of the Voice of Witness series, and a practicing clinician.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Chng Hong Chee practices at HC Chng Surgery in Braddell, Singapore. He completed MBBS from NUS-Singapore in 1965,M Med (Gen Surg) from NUS-Singapore in 1973 and FRACS (Gen Surg) from RACS, Australia in 1973. Some of the services provided by the doctor are: Lumbar Puncture,Endoscopy,Hernia Repair Surgery,Laparoscopic Surgery and Colorectal Surgery etc.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Public records indicate that he received $3,217 in payments from medical companies between 2014 and 2017, which is more than a majority (83%) of plastic surgeons nationally. He is licensed to practice by the state board in Colorado (16074).", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She joined Family Practice Center and began her career as a physician assistant in 2007. Erin currently sees patients in Loysville, PA. </p> <p><strong>Education:</strong></p> <ul> <li>MS &ndash; Physician Assistant Studies, Arcadia University, Glenside, PA</li> <li>BS &ndash; Health Science/Psychology Minor, Lock Haven University, Lock Haven, PA</li> </ul> <p><strong>Certification: </strong></p> <ul> <li>National Commission on Certification of Physician Assista", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Saving lives and helping people is the point of his chosen profession, and he seems pretty good at it, when he's not screwing up. People wonder why he has decided to become a doctor, when he is so clumsy, until his past starts reveal, and his ability to save lives becomes apparent with each operation... Gradually, Teru and all of his colleagues will make a huge change in the medical world.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He lives in Baltimore with his second wife and two daughters. Many years earlier, Joe abandoned his first wife and son Samuel in Finland to pursue his career in the U.S. As vandals target Joe's laboratory and home, he begins to fear the worst--that Samuel, a well-known animal rights activist, has come to Baltimore to take revenge on his absentee father.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She specializes in managing autoimmune and autoinflammatory disorders such as lupus, juvenile arthritis, juvenile dermatomyositis and periodic fever syndromes. Her research interests include Juvenile Spondyloarthritis, PFAPA, Sjogren\u2019s syndrome.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " His plastic surgery center in New York City is fully accredited and utilizes the latest surgical techniques. Dr. Jacobs offers a wide variety of procedures, including:", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He is affiliated with hospitals in the area, including Huntsville Hospital and Mizell Memorial Hospital. He got his medical diploma from Baylor College of Medicine and has been in the working field for more than 20 years now. He did an internship at the University of Tennessee, followed by a fellowship in thoracic surgery at Emory University. Finally, he finished all his medical studies with a residency in general surgery at Baylor College of Medicine.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He is a renowned surgeon who has been involved in many pediatric surgeries in his long career. The doctor is a graduate of Cairo University School of Medicine from where he earned his medical degree. His experience in the pediatric surgeries of more than 40 years has seen the doctor always in a research mode of new ways of improving the existing methodology of the surgical procedures. Moreover, the doctor has been affiliated with many hospitals where some of them includes the Long Branch Campus, Monmouth Medical Center, Jersey Shore University Medical Center, and many more.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Besides herself, she wants to give only her office manager access to the room. For extra security, she wants the locks to operate in Storehouse mode, which means they relock about 5 seconds after opening. Dr. Carlson will run the software on the PC in her office.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " She has clinical interests in comprehensive pulmonary care, anti-coagulation, nutrition and sleep medicine. Kathleen is also a Registered Dietitian (RD) through the American Dietetic Association and has experience counseling patients in the critical care setting.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " With more than 1,500 Chiari decompressions under his belt, he has the largest personal surgical case series in the world. About 10 years ago, he founded the Department of Syringomyelia at the Hospital of the Police Armed Forces in Bejing, China. The Department was inspired by and modeled after the Chiari Institute and counted five Neurosurgeons and a Clinical Researcher. Two years ago, Dr. Liu left the Army and moved to a different hospital to start another CMI/SM focused Department: the Department of Syringomyelia, at Tsinghua University Yuquan Hospital, with a staff of five Neurosurgeons.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Waldrop graduated from Medical College of Georgia at Augusta University in 2000 and has been in practice for 17 years. Dr. Waldrop also specializes in Surgery. He currently practices at The Plastic Surgery Group PC and is affiliated with Erlanger Baroness Campus. Dr. Waldrop accepts multiple insurance plans including Aetna, Medicare and Humana.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Karam graduated from American University of Beirut Faculty of Medicine in 2009 and has been in practice for 9 years. He completed a residency at Henry Ford Health System. Dr. Karam accepts multiple insurance plans including Aetna, Cigna and Blue Cross Blue Shield of Illinois. In addition to English, Dr. Karam's practice supports these languages: German, Korean, Vietnamese, French and Spanish.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He is highly respected for his work among his patients and colleagues, and he is considered one of the best facial plastic surgeons in Toronto. Dr. Mounsey limits his practice to facial surgery, which means he only performs surgery on the head, face, and neck. This allows him to focus his energy on a few select procedures in order to provide his patients with the best possible results.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He specializes in aesthetic surgeries, specifically the face, body, breast, and skin. Dr. Tehrani received his M.D. from SUNY Downstate Medical Center and completed his surgical residency training at New York's Beth Israel Medical Center as the Chief Resident of General Surgery. Following this, Dr. Tehrani completed his fellowship training in plastic and reconstructive surgery at the Kansas University Medical Center. Named one...", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She practices in Apo, Armed Forces Europe and has the professional credentials of PA-C. The NPI Number for Mrs. Jonelle Lynn Ensor is 1487964219 and she holds a License No. MA054466 (Pennsylvania).", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He graduated with an Honours Degree in Veterinary Science from Sydney University in 1976, after obtaining a degree in Agricultural science in 1966 and a Diploma in Education in 1969.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She completed her Physician Assistant program at Quinnipiac University, Hamden Connecticut, and her undergraduate degree in biology at the University of Colorado, Colorado Springs. Carolyn treats all orthopedic conditions, but has a special interest in sports injuries. When not working, Carolyn enjoys camping, skiing and kayaking.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He explains the complexity of caring for the hundreds of people injured during protests in recent weeks. Very serious injuries pose significant challenges for the surgeons, and will require months or even years of care.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He has extensive training in minimally invasive cervical and lumbar decompressions, minimally invasive lumbar fusions, and cervical laminoplasty. He is also certified to implant cervical disc replacements. Dr. Barkoh believes most spine problems can be successfully treated with conservative, nonsurgical methods. But, when surgical intervention is needed, he utilizes the most advanced technology to perform minimally invasive procedures that allow patients to have a faster recovery with...", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Ms. Batiste graduated from York College \u2013 The City University of New York in July 2016. She received a Bachelor of Science degree from SNUY College at Old Westbury in May 2006.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He serves on the Editorial Board for numerous professional journals, including Pancreatic Disorders and Therapy, Dataset Papers in Medicine, the Journal of Investigative Surgery, Transplant International, and Clinical Transplantation. Gruessner has fellowships with the American College of Surgeons and the International College of Surgeons", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He is a member of the Association of Medical Consultants, All India Association of Plastic Surgeons, Association of Plastic Surgeons of India and the Association of Medical Consultants. He practices at Apollo Spectra Hospitals, Chembur, Mumbai", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Claustro graduated from University of Santo Tomas Faculty of Medicine & Surgery in 1971 and has been in practice for 47 years. He completed a residency at Lincoln Medical and Mental Health Center. He currently practices at Clinch Valley Physicians Associates LLC and is affiliated with Russell County Medical Center. Dr. Claustro accepts multiple insurance plans including Aetna, Medicare and Humana. Dr. Claustro also practices at Clinch Valley Medical Center in Richlands, VA. In addition to English, Dr. Claustro's practice supports this language: Spanish.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He is also a professor of Family Medicine and Internal Medicine as well as the vice-chairman of Family Medicine and associate dean for Community Health. He was among the first doctors to treat patients with AIDS and to recognize the socioeconomic forces driving the epidemic. His dedication to humanitarian causes has inspired a generation of Miami medical students", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " What makes him appealing is his calm, Christian demeanor, in contrast to the brashness of Trump, Cruz, and just about all of conservative talk radio. He is reassuring and intelligent, preferring to attack ideas with sharp words instead of loud ones. But for all of his good graces, Carson is incredibly inexperienced, lacking knowledge and proven skill in either politics or business. This left him vulnerable to attacks, and when the spotlight turned his way he withered.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Brown graduated from Virginia Commonwealth University School of Medicine in 2001 and has been in practice for 15 years. He currently practices at Drs Farr Wampler Williams & Dougherty and is affiliated with Prince William Hospital. Dr. Brown accepts multiple insurance plans including Aetna, Medicare and Cigna. Dr. Brown also practices at Doctors Farr Wampler Henson in Manassas, VA. In addition to English, Dr. Brown's practice supports this language: Spanish.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She graduated with honors in microbiology from the University of California at Davis. She went on to receive her medical degree from the highly prestigious Johns Hopkins University School of Medicine, which has consistently been ranked one of the nation\u2019s top medical schools by U.S. News and World Report.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Following a number of notable, personal experiences when treating patients with prominent ears, Mr. Kang developed a particular interest in otoplasty surgery. This interest eventually led him to invent the earFold\u2122 implant, with the specific intention of providing patients with a minimally invasive, local anaesthetic procedure as an alternative to conventional otoplasty surgery. He also offers a full range of alternative otoplasty procedures.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Lawson thrives on the adrenaline rush that comes from working quickly and efficiently in a critical care environment and feels accomplished when her ability to rapidly make the right decision leads to a better outcome for a patient.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " His field of expertise is from the fingertips to the elbow. Dr. McPherson completed his undergraduate at the University of Minnesota with a degree in psychology and then went on to medical school also at the University of Minnesota. He did his surgery internship at the Navy Hospital in San Diego and spent a year as the General Medical Officer at Camp Pendleton. Dr. McPherson continued his residency at the Navy Hospital in San Diego and then completed a Hand Surgery Fellowship at UCLA.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She obtained her MD and PhD from Duke University School of Medicine and did her internship and residency at the Brigham and Women's Hospital. She is a breast medical oncologist and focuses on biomarker development and immunotherapy.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He also has expertise in addressing brain tumors, spinal trauma and carpal tunnel syndrome. Before attending medical school in Georgia and completing his residency at Vanderbilt, he studied electrical engineering at the Georgia Institute of Technology. Karl currently practices with the Nashville Neurosurgery Associates.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He practices in Anchorage, Alaska and has the professional credentials of . The NPI Number for William R Clark Ii is 1073567079 and he holds a License No. AK1625 (Alaska).", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Dr. Livingston is one of an elite few Podiatrists in the state of New York to be board certified in Foot Surgery and board certified in Reconstructive Rearfoot and Ankle Surgery by the American Board of Podiatric Surgery. He is a fellow of the American College of Foot and Ankle Surgeons.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She received her Bachelor of Medicine and Surgery degree from the University of the West Indies, Mona Campus in Kingston Jamaica and completed her Residency at the University of Miami\u2019s Miller School of Medicine in Miami Florida. As a senior resident for Holtz Children\u2019s Hospital at Jackson Memorial Medical Center, her responsibilities included care of pediatric patients in all areas and under multiple specialties, as well as supervision of medical students and junior residents from 2012 to 2015. She has been a member of the American Academy of Pediatrics since 2012.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Emilia received her undergraduate degree from Columbia University, her masters from Boston University, her medical degree from the University of Massachusetts, and completed her post-doctoral research in dermatology at Massachusetts General Hospital. Emilia was a Fulbright-Schuman scholar to the European Union, where she studied methods of accelerating medical innovation. Currently, she is also involved in early-stage life science ventures and leads an Artificial Intelligence in Medicine initiative with the Future Society. She is a TEDx speaker, was honored as part of the Forbes 30 Under 30 Class of 2017 in Healthcare, and is a member of the World Economic Forum's Global Shaper community.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He has served as voluntary faculty at the Keck School of Medicine at the University of Southern California (USC). He is the current President of the Southern California chapter of the American Society of Colon and Rectal Surgery.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He is currently practicing at Jaypee Hospital in Sector 128, Noida. He has more than 20 years of experience. Dr. Gaurav Rathore is a qualified Orthopedic Surgeon in Sector 128, Noida. As an Orthopedic Surgeon, his area of expertise includes Joint Replacement, Foot & Ankle Surgery, Arthroscopy & Sports Injuries, Trauma & Fractures, Bone Disease, Hand Surgery, Joint & Bone Surgery, Orthopedic Surgery, Spine Disorders, Total Hip Replacement and Total Knee Replacement. Patients from Noida Sector 128 and entire Noida come to Dr. Gaurav Rathore with lots of hopes and the doctor ensures that the patients are satisfied with the treatments, with his experience and the techniques he uses as an Orthopedic Surgeon. Book online appointment : https://www.lazoi.com/Member/DocProfile?Doc_Id=35930", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Department of Veterans Affairs (VA) with a focus on Clinical Decision Support (CDS). She is currently a Visiting Research Fellow in the Department of Biomedical Informatics at Vanderbilt University.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " She is a life-long athlete who after curing herself 100% naturally from MS and anxiety, became an avid nutrition health researcher and promoter. She has been featured in many health magazines, and has been a guest on radio talk shows in the USA, Canada, United Kingdom, and Australia. She is also the author of \u201cHealth Freedom Revolution: Exposing the Lies, Deceit and Greed of the Medical Profession\u201d and founder of www.OnlineHolisticHealth.com.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " She works as a Hospitalist in the Department of General Internal Medicine. Morse is also an Instructor in Medicine at Harvard Medical School and an affiliate of the school\u2019s Department of Global Health and Social Medicine.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Dr. Kressel is well-known for his use of the latest cutting edge techniques used in both surgical and non-surgical procedures. His practice philosophy is to present the 'ideal aesthetic outcome' for all of his patients. Some of the surgical procedures that he provides are Liposuction, Breast Augmentation and Rhytidectomy amongst many others. Non-surgical procedures that he provides include CoolSculpting, Micro Current Machine and Cosmetic Dermal Fillers. He also treats conditions such as skin cancer and performs pediatric plastic surgery.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He received his medical degree at the University of Virginia School of Medicine and completed his residency training at Yale-New Haven Hospital where he specialized in Internal Medicine and received a distinction in global health and equity. Follow Pranay on Twitter @PranaySinha_md.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Dr. Siow Hua Ming practices at Providence Orthopaedics in Novena, Singapore. The doctor completed MB ChB from U of Glasgow, United Kingdom in 1996, M Med (Ortho Surg) from NUS-Singapore in 2002 and MRCSEd from Royal College of Surgeons of Edinburgh (RCSE), U.K in 2002. He specialises in advanced arthroscopic key-hole procedures for the shoulder, elbow, wrist, hip , knee and ankle.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He considers his wife, Anna Craft, who is a former model, to be one of the most beautiful women in the world. But even these kind of beauties require little adjustments, especially after a few pregnancies, and this is Anna\u2019s case.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He received his medical degree from Wayne State University School of Medicine and has been in practice for more than 20 years. He is one of 7 doctors at Encino Hospital Medical Center and one of 7 at Sherman Oaks Hospital who specialize in Orthopedic Surgery.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He obtained his Bachelor of Medicine and Bachelor of Surgery from National University of Singapore in 1999 and has more than 10 years of working experience in the field of Obstetrics & Gynecology. He pursued his internship and OG training in various hospitals locally, and subsequently obtained his postgraduate masters qualifications in Obstetrics and Gynaecology in 2007. He was formerly Consultant Obstetrician & Gynaecologist at SBCC Women's Clinic (Clementi) from 2010 - 2016.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Ludkowski performs total hip and total knee replacements, partial knee replacements and torn meniscus (knee cartilage) repairs. He uses muscle sparing minimally invasive techniques such as arthroscopy in order to reduce pain and speed recovery. Dr. Ludkowski also offers advanced forms of post-operative pain management. Dr. Ludkowski was drawn to the practice of medicine by his interest in science and desire to help people. He inherited an enjoyment of building things with his hands from his father, a carpenter, which combined with his interest in sports made orthopaedics a natural choice of specialty for him. In providing [...]", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He specializes in arthroscopic surgery, sports injuries and joint replacements. He has extensive experience in this subspecialty, having worked at world-renowned centres of excellence in UK, Australia & Sweden from August 2008 to December 2012.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She joined Family Practice Center and began her career as a physician assistant in 2007. Erin currently sees patients in Loysville, PA. </p> <p><strong>Education:</strong></p> <ul> <li>MS &ndash; Physician Assistant Studies, Arcadia University, Glenside, PA</l", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " In 2011, when he was 37, he began broadcasting satirical commentary on the Arab Spring. He produced videos in the laundry room of his apartment and posted them on YouTube. He hoped for a few thousand hits. He reached millions of viewers.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Rudderman graduated from University of Florida College of Medicine in 1981 and has been in practice for 36 years. Dr. Rudderman also specializes in Surgery. He currently practices at Oh Vein Treatment Medical Spa and is affiliated with Northside Hospital. Dr. Rudderman accepts multiple insurance plans including Aetna, Medicare and Humana. Dr. Rudderman also practices at Randal H Rudderman MD Inc in Alpharetta, GA. In addition to English, Dr. Rudderman's practice supports this language: Spanish.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " In this role she partners with patients on improving their bone health and preventing further fractures. She has worked for many years in orthopedic spine surgery, which has allowed her to treat patients of all ages with back and neck problems. Outside of work, Kate enjoys yoga, biking and trying out various restaurants throughout the Twin Cities. She and her husband also have two children who keep them on their toes.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " In 2000, he graduated as one of the tops students in his class from the Medical Faculty of the National University of Singapore. He then completed his Basic Surgical Training in General Surgery in 2004 and went on to complete his Advance Surgical Training in Plastic Surgery at the Department of Plastic Reconstructive and Aesthetic Surgery at the Singapore General Hospital in 2008.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " For years, patients have went to his practice from all through the Dominican Republic plus the U . S . and surrounding countries. He has earned a really good reputation due to his reliability, experience, and outstanding results.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Pritchett provides treatment to patients in the Seattle, Washington area including the cities of Kirkland, Issaquah, Redmond, and Bellevue. To learn more about knee replacement and other knee pain treatment options, schedule an appointment with Dr. Pritchett at his office, (206) 323-1900.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She has extensive experience in all aspects of adolescent health and expertise in providing primary and mental health care to high risk and homeless youth. As a University of Toronto faculty member, she enjoys teaching and mentoring learners at all levels, from medical students to fellows and other physician preceptors. Dr. Chowdhury is also involved in leadership, advocacy and program development related to adolescent health, and is well known among the youth-serving agencies in Toronto.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " His medical training also includes medical acupuncture which he is excited to integrate into his mainstream medical practice to be able to care for people in an integrative and holistic fashion.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Dr. Mercado graduated from University of Wisconsin School of Medicine & Public Health in 1990 and has been in practice for 27 years. He completed a residency at Kaiser Permanente Medical Center. He currently practices at Kaiser Permanente Baldwin Park Medical Center and is affiliated with Kaiser Permanente Downey Medical Center. Dr. Mercado accepts multiple insurance plans including Medicare, Kaiser Permanente and Medicaid. In addition to English, Dr. Mercado's practice supports these languages: Spanish and Korean.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She practices in Anchorage, Alaska and has the professional credentials of M.D.. The NPI Number for Dr. Mary Alice Johnson is 1386759751 and she holds a License No. 3976 (Alaska).", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " After graduating with honors at the University of Michigan, Dr. Au received his medical degree from Jefferson Medical College Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. He completed a five year General Surgery Residency at the Polyclinic Medical Center in Harrisburg, Pennsylvania, and a two year Plastic Surgery Residency at Hershey Medical Center, Pennsylvania State University, Pennsylvania. Dr. Au is a member of The American Society of Plastic Surgeons, Inc, the North Carolina Medical Society and the North Carolina Society of Plastic Surgeons. He was certified by the American Board of Plastic Surgery, Inc in 1988.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He practices in Anniston, Alabama and has the professional credentials of MD. The NPI Number for Todd J Scarbrough is 1194700625 and he holds a License No. 43369 (Kentucky).", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Currently she is the head of the clinical toxicology unit at Prince of Wales Hospital in Sydney. She is also a VMO toxicologist at the New South Wales Poisons Information Centre. Her current research interests include digoxin, methotrexate, dihydropyridine, and sodium channel blocker toxicity.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Dr. Mele has received extensive training in cosmetic plastic surgery, microsurgery, burn care and other plastic surgery specialties. He draws upon this advanced surgical training to provide every patient with first-class care and outstanding results. Dr. Mele is a well-respected member of the plastic surgery community who has published numerous articles on cosmetic and plastic surgery topics and has presented to fellow plastic surgeons at national, state and local conferences. In addition to his private practice, he volunteers his time and surgical expertise by providing medical care to underprivileged children in Guatemala and Argentina.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She is chair of the Virginia High School League Sports Medicine Committee and member of the NFHS Sports Medicine Advisory Committee. Cindy J. Chang, M.D., has been the head team physician at the University of California, Berkeley and was chief medical officer for Team USA at the London Olympics. She is a member of the NFHS Sports Medicine Advisory Committee.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Originally a native of Charlevoix, she has been in the Mt. Pleasant area since 2006. She completed her undergraduate collegiate studies at Central Michigan University in 2009. Choosing to pursue a career as a Physician Assistant, she attended Central Michigan University and completed her Master\u2019s degree in 2011.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He also specialises in abdominal hernia surgery and performs much of his procedures using laparoscopic (keyhole) techniques. His NHS base is Kingston Hospital.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He is also Professor of Anesthesiology, Wake Forest University, School of Medicine. Dr. Kapural\u2019s interests include peripheral nerve stimulation, spinal cord stimulation, discogenic low back pain and visceral abdominal pain.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He has a specific interest in conventional and laser Cataract Surgery, Laser Vision Correction, alternatives to laser surgery, Cornea Transplantation Surgery, the management of Keratoconus and Pterygium Surgery. He is also dedicated to his work as a general ophthalmologist, caring for patients with glaucoma, macula degeneration and diabetic eye disease. Professional Affiliations: The Royal Australian and New Zealand College of OphthalmologistsThe Australasian Society of Cataract and Refractive SurgeonsThe American Society of Cataract and Refractive SurgeryThe European Society of Cataract and Refractive SurgeonsThe Cornea Society", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " In an 'exposure' aired in the Chinese media this week, Dr Qiu talks of his four years working in a Xiamen hospital run by the Putian network - and portrays it as rife with corrupt practices, overcharging, health insurance fraud and substandard clinical practices.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She has created a practice through NorthShore Medical Group in the Chicagoland area that focuses on the therapeutic and preventative use of food as medicine. Her integrative practice also utilizes herbs, botanicals, mind body therapies alongside allopathic medicine. Dr. Maker-Clark is a clinical assistant professor at the Pritzker School of Medicine of University of Chicago, teaching nutrition through a course called Culinary Medicine, and coordinating all integrative medical education.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Dr. Zilberfarb holds a certificate of added qualification in sports medicine, and specializes in minimally invasive shoulder, elbow, knee and ankle surgery, as well as total shoulder replacement surgery. In addition to his work at NEBH, he holds an academic appointment at Harvard Medical School, where he teaches medical students and orthopedic surgery residents.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He practices in Anchorage, Alaska and has the professional credentials of MD. The NPI Number for Thomas S Mego is 1497775662 and he holds a License No. 12579R (Louisiana).", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " His Ivy league training has enabled him to be on the cutting edge of many cosmetic and reconstructive surgeries. He is currently trained in large reconstructive surgeries including microvascular\u2026 Read More \u00bb", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Blanchette serves as Medical Director of the Paediatric Thrombosis and Haemostasis Program in the Division of Haematology/Oncology . He is a Senior Associate Scientist in the Research Institute and a Clinician Investigator in the Department of Paediatrics.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He specializes in minimally-invasive treatment of spinal disorders. He has been practicing for over twenty years. He currently practices at Eastbay Neurosurgery and Spine and is affiliated with Alta Bates Summit Medical Center Alta Bates Campus, San Leandro Hospital and John Muir Medical Center Walnut Creek Campus.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Chen received her BA from Harvard College, MD from Stanford University School of Medicine, and MPH from Tulane School of Public Health and Tropical Medicine. After surgical residencies at the University of Washington Medical Center and New York-Presbyterian Hospital Cornell-Columbia, she completed fellowships at Memorial Sloan-Kettering Cancer Center and New York University Langone Medical Center Institute of Reconstructive Plastic Surgery. She is currently Clinical Assistant Professor of Surgery (Plastic Surgery) at Weill Cornell Medical College and Clinical Assistant Professor of Surgery (Plastic Surgery) at Tulane University School of Medicine. She is also the Chief of Microsurgery at New York Eye and Ear Infirmary of Mount Sinai.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Over the years, Dr. Sameer Jejurikar has developed his own aesthetic treatments for his clients in the form of skin care products that are medical grade and quality. Thanks to the advancements in technology throughout the years, Dr. Sameer can even give his patients detailed previews of what their treatments will look like when the procedures are done through the use of 3-D imaging. Sameer makes use of all the latest technology for plastic surgery to provide his patients with the latest techniques and safest procedures.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She earned her medical degree from Ponce School of Medicine in Puerto Rico in 1991. She completed her internship at Alton Ochsner Medical Foundation in New Orleans and continued on to conduct her residency at University of Miami/ Jackson Memorial Hospital in 1995.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He undertakes plastic surgery reconstructive procedures on adults and children and cosmetic surgical and non-surgical procedures for adults. His reconstructive speciality is cranio-facial plastic surgery and his double qualifications in dentistry and medicine have provided him with the expertise to perform this type of surgery. Additionally, this has contributed to his knowledge and understanding of cosmetic surgery and he specialises in cosmetic surgery to the face, nose and eyelids. Mr Eccles is on the GMC Specialist Register and is a member of the British Associaition of Aesthetic Plastic Surgeons (BAAPS), the British Association of Plastic, Reconstructive and Aesthetic Surgeons (BAPRAS). He works in private practice at the Consulting Suite, 212-214 Great Portland Street, London, with a dedicated nursing and administrative team.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She earned her undergraduate degree at Pensacola Christian College in Florida. In 2003, she completed her Masters of Physician Assistant Studies at Midwestern University in the Chicagoland area. Shortly after finishing her post graduate studies she began practicing dermatology in Orland Park, Illinois, where she received further training in medical and cosmetic dermatology. In 2014, Karie relocated to Southern California with her husband and daughter and now resides in Claremont. She has since joined the Skin Physicians and Surgeons team. Karie is certified through the National Commission for the Certification of Physician Assistants. She is a member of the American Academy of Physician Assistants and the Society of Dermatology Physician Assistants. She has since joined the Skin Physicians and Surgeons\u2019 team and isexcited to apply her 14 years of dermatology experience in her role here.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He sees all pediatric patients, and has special interests in developmental dysplasia of the hip (DDH), Perthes, slipped capital femoral epiphysis (SCFE) and scoliosis. Dr. Martin grew up outside of Boston before moving to Washington, D.C., for college.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " For several years, individuals have went to his practice from all through the entire Dominican Republic and also the United States and nearby countries. He's earned a really positive reputation thanks to his expertness, working experience, and superb results.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She practices in Anchorage, Alaska and has the professional credentials of M.D.. The NPI Number for Claribel K Tan is 1649249483 and she holds a License No. 5689 (Alaska).", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " She received her undergraduate degree in Athletic Training from North Central College in Naperville, IL and Certified Nursing Assistance from College of DuPage.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " She is married and has four grown children.\ufffd Her poems have appeared in obscure and sometimes defunct literary journals.\ufffd She has led poetry workshops for the Transformational Language Arts Network at Goddard College and The Examined Life Conference in Iowa. But, reading and writing poetry with men in longterm treatment for addiction at Milestone Foundation was much more fun. \ufffdHer collection of poems, \u201cThe Heroin Diaries,\u201d is scheduled to come out later this year.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " His main activity is pelvic surgery and in particular Pelvic Floor Repair. He was the first to publish the vaginal hysterectomy with Advanced vessels sealing in 2003. He also performs oncologic pelvic surgery and breast surgery. Dr. Clav\u00e9 has published numerous papers in scientific journals, participated in international congresses particularly with live surgery demonstrations and taught many workshops.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " B. B. CH at Al-Azhar University and MSc in Orthopaedic Surgery and Limb Reconstruction surgery at Benha University. He is a Member of AO foundation and a member of The Egyptian society for orthopaedic and trauma surgery.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He received his undergraduate degree from Miami University and his medical degree from Wright State University School of Medicine in Ohio, where he was awarded membership in the Alpha Omega Alpha Society for distinguished academic accomplishments. Dr. Hurley completed his orthopedic residency at Carolinas Medical Center and his Sports Medicine fellowship at Ohio State University.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She holds an ND degree and MS, APRN . She is board certified in both areas. Her specialties include MTHFR, fertility and treatment of \u201cthe 4As\u201d (asthma, autism, allergies, atopy/eczema). Dr. Becker focuses on primarily treating the pediatric population and their parents. Dr. Becker is adjunct Faculty at 2 prominent universities, where she teaches concussion education to physicians and precepts student Doctors and Nurse Practitioners. Dr Becker lectures all over the country on topics such as autism, the immune system, MTHFR & genetic mutations that have health implications and \u201cKeeping Healing in the Home\u201d Dr Becker is the author of \u201cA Delicious Way to Heal the Gut\u201d and is planning for a second book to be published in early 2018. Dr Becker was chosen as one of Connecticut\u2019s \u201cTop Naturopathic Doctors\u201d.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Robert Remondino. She received a Bachelor of Science degree in Biochemistry and Molecular Biology from Oklahoma State University in 2003. She attended the University of Oklahoma Physician Assistant Program and received a Masters in Health Sciences in 2005. Since graduating, she\u2019s worked as a neurosurgical PA in the Oklahoma City area. Her employment with Neuroscience Specialists began in November of 2006.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Formerly a resident anesthesiologist at Cedars-Sinai Medical Center in Los Angeles, CA and a neuroscientist at Texas A&M Health Science Center in College Station, TX. Her passion involves vitamin D and neuroinflammation, neuroimmunology and neuroendocrinology. She has written several academic papers on vitamin D and is a member of the Vitamin D Council\u2019s Board of Directors as well as a volunteer writer, podcast contributor, and graphic designer for the Vitamin D Council.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He is a Memphis Magazine Top Plastic Surgeon and Castle Connolly Top Doctor. For more information call 901.866.8525 or visit Universityclinicalhealth.com.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Martinez graduated from University of Alabama School of Medicine in 2012 and has been in practice for 6 years. He completed a residency at Uab Hospital.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She has worked in Israel, Palestine, Sudan, Lebanon, Egypt, and the Balkans and has been a freelance journalist for Pacifica Radio for eight years. Her radio documentary, Israel and Palestine: The Human Cost of The Occupation, was nominated for the prestigious Peabody Award", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " His clinic \u2013 East Bay Neurosurgery and Spine \u2013 has been named among the best clinics by many local surveys. Patients can take appointments directly at the clinic for required treatment.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She has consistently expanded her practice to include both tried and true traditional approaches and the latest technology in treating a wide array of painful conditions.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He graduated from Faculty of Medicine, National University of Singapore in 1992. He trained in Surgery and obtained fellowship of the Royal College of Surgeons of Edinburgh in 1996. Further training took him to Edinburgh, United Kingdom, in the subspecialty areas of gastrointestinal and hepatobiliary surgery at the Department of Clinical Surgery, Royal Infirmary of Edinburgh, as well as in laparoscopic biliary surgery in Glasgow. He also obtained a PhD in Immunology, funded by the NMRC-Totalistor Board scholarship. He returned to the Department of General Surgery, Singapore General Hospital in 2005.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Alvi completed her family practice residency in Milwaukee, Wisconsin, USA and has been working in Alberta for 11 years. Dr. Alvi is involved in teaching family practice residents and medical students and is also involved with Philanthropy work in Africa, Pakistan, Bangladesh and Canada. Dr. Alvi recently completed a medical mission in Bangladesh Refugees camps and is actively engaged in advocating for Rohingya genocide. These experiences has provided Dr. Alvi with opportunities to talk about refugee health in different countries.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He sees patients at his private office in Brookline and at the BIDMC Lexington facility. . of the Meeks and Zilberfarb Orthopedics/Harvard medical student Sports Medicine elective. . Boston Globe, \ufffdRotator Cuff is a Tough but Fragile Thing,\ufffd 1998 .", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She practices in Anchorage, Alaska and has the professional credentials of PT. The NPI Number for Gail French is 1487784633 and she holds a License No. 418 (Alaska).", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Pilonidal sinus surgery is also done by him. Pilonidal sinus is a small hole between the cheeks of the buttocks. Usually filled with pus, it can be painful and annoying. A cyst forms which can become infected. It contains dirt, debris and hair. It is removed by a surgery when there is an infection. The surgery for pilonidal sinus is done by Dr. Ashish Bhanot at Aum Clinics, Dwarka with complete dedication.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " After earning his medical degree from Alexandria University in Egypt, he moved to the United States to complete his general surgery residency training. Dr. Hanafy began practicing bariatric surgery in 2003, and in 2007, he moved to Washington state.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Brown graduated from University of Maryland School of Medicine in 1972 and has been in practice for 46 years. He completed a residency at Kttc Medical Center Keesler. He currently practices at Shady Grove Adventist Hospital and is affiliated with Shady Grove Adventist Hospital. Dr. Brown accepts multiple insurance plans including Aetna, Medicare and Cigna. In addition to English, Dr. Brown's practice supports these languages: Spanish, French, Russian, Tagalog and German.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She grew up in a small town in rural Pennsylvania. After completing her studies and family medicine residency on the East Coast, she moved to Spokane to pursue an obstetrical fellowship. Thereafter she moved to rural Oregon and practiced full-scope family medicine, including obstetrics with Caesarean section privileges, for six years with her husband, Eric Wiser, MD, (OHSU Family Medicine at Gabriel Park). She loves promoting health and wellness, and the positive effects she sees in her patients. In her spare time, Wiser enjoys spending time with her husband and daughter. She likes to flyfish, hike and train for triathlons.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He earned his medical degree from Oregon Health and Science University in Portland in 2005, and served as a research resident in the Department of Surgery there from 2008 to 2009. He completed his residency in general surgery at Oregon Health and Science University in 2010. Dr. Hwee completed an NIH research fellowship in Oregon Health and Science University\u2019s Division of Abdominal Transplant Surgery in 2011, and completed his plastic surgery residency in the Department of Plastic and Reconstructive Surgery at Cleveland Clinic Florida in 2015.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Donahue graduated from Saint Louis University School of Medicine in 1999 and has been in practice for 19 years. He completed a residency at St Marys Hospital Medical Center. Dr. Donahue also specializes in Sports Medicine. He currently practices at SOAR Medical Group and is affiliated with Sequoia Hospital and Stanford Hospital & Clinics. Dr. Donahue accepts multiple insurance plans including Medicare, Humana and Cigna. Dr. Donahue also practices at South Bay Sports & Preventive Medicine Associates Inc in San Jose, CA.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She lives with her husband in the San Francisco Bay area. Scylla\u2019s first release; Ectopy is an engaging read that will appeal to fans of strong female protagonists, romance, chick lit and medical fiction.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " She is qualified to perform comprehensive skin exams for patients of all ages. She is skilled in performing procedures such as biopsies, excisions, and cryotherapy. She also enjoys practicing aesthetic dermatology, and has been extensively trained in Botox and cosmetic fillers.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Dr. Tishenko believes strongly in working with the patient to discover the ?root\u2019 cause of illness and developing treatment plans that meet the individual needs of her patients. As a naturopathic physician, Dr. Tishenko is trained in Acupuncture, Clinical Nutrition, Herbal Medicine, Homeopathy, Bowen Therapy, and Laboratory testing. She has a special interest in women\u2019s health, fertility, and pediatrics.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " At Rao Plastic Surgery, he is committed to offering exemplary and professional services to all patients. Some popular procedures he performs include breast augmentation, mommy makeover, abdominoplasty, facelift, as well as medical spa skin care services. To learn more, please visit his website today.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He is summoned by his one-time love, Maude, who is now married to Baron Sardonicus. When he arrives, he finds villagers who live in fear. The Baron is strange man, not the least because he covers his face with a mask. Eventually, he tells Sir Robert the story of how he acquired his current affliction - his face is is frozen and hideously disfigured. Despite Sir Robert's best efforts, he can't return his face to normal. The Baron however forces him to keep trying, threatening to harm Maude if he refuses.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He is currently licensed to practice medicine in Michigan. He is affiliated with Bronson LakeView Hospital, Bronson Methodist Hospital, and Borgess Medical Center.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Wang Qin practices at Ma Kuang Chinese Medicine & Research Centre Pte Ltd in Ang Mo Kio, Singapore,Ma Kuang Chinese Medicine & Research Centre Pte Ltd (Teck Whye) in Choa Chu Kang, Singapore and Ma Kuang Chinese Medicine & Research Centre Pte Ltd (Bukit Merah) in Bukit Merah, Singapore. She completed Advanced Acupuncture Course from Beijing University of Chinese Medicine and Advanced Professional TCM Course from Beijing University of Chinese Medicine. Some of the services provided by the her are: Pain Management Counseling,Treatment for Respiratory Disorders,Treatment for Gastrointestinal Disorders,Treatments for Orthopedic Conditions and Rheumatology etc.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He also treats soft tissue sarcomas, including tumors of the retroperitoneum, trunk and extremities. At the UCSF Helen Diller Family Comprehensive Cancer Center, he participates in the management of complex gastrointestinal tract cancers, soft tissue sarcomas and gastrointestinal neuroendocrine tumors, including carcinoid and islet cell tumors.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He is a graduate of Vanguard University of Southern California and Baylor College of Medicine and took his residency training at the University of Washington in Seattle. One of the founding couples of Capital, Larry and his wife Karen are parents to three adult children, and enjoy living in Utah for the hiking, snowshoeing, and biking. Larry\u2019s passion in ministry is in the integration of faith and learning. He likes a good plan, stimulating conversation, and he prefers to avoid clutter and chaos. He is most proud of a long, committed marriage to Karen and can turn almost any meal into a special occasion.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He is affiliated with Research Medical Center. Dr. Kindred's areas of clinical focus include general orthopedics, sports medicine and joint replacement. He offers more than 20 years of patient care experience and has served in multiple professional leadership roles including hospital medical staff president and chief of surgery. Dr. Kindred has been recognized as a Healthgrades Honor Roll physician. He is a member of the American Academy of Orthopedic Surgeons, the Kansas Orthopedic Society, the Mid-Central States Orthopedic Association and the Kansas Medical Society.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He received his medical degree from The University of the West Indies Faculty of Medical Sciences in Kingston, Jamaica. He has been in practice for 29 years. Dr. Taylor is board certified in Plastic Surgery. He has received the Patients' Choice Award (2012-2014), Compassionate Doctor Recognition (2012-2013), and On-Time Doctor Award (2014).", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She has pursued her aesthetic training with some of the world\u2019s experts in the field and is a member of the American Academy of Cosmetic Surgery. Dr. Anne is one of only 45 physicians worldwide that was \u2018hand-picked\u2019 by renown dermatologist Zein Obagi to be on the faculty board of ZO Skin Health. Highly skilled in all facial injectables, she has also been named to the faculty board of Galderma and trains physicians nationally in facial injection techniques. Locally, Dr. Anne can be seen Tuesdays on NBC\u2019s Daytime Columbus as a medical consultant discussing what is new and innovative in the aesthetic medicine field.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He is vice chairman of Clinical Affairs in the Department of Cardiothoracic Surgery, director of Thoracic Robotic Surgery, and co-director of the Esophageal and Lung Surgery Institute.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He was trained in London and appointed Consultant at King's College Hospital, London in 2002. His wide surgical training included the Royal National Orthopaedic Hospital, Stanmore, and surgical experience with Prof\u2026", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " After obtaining his Plastic Surgery Fellowship in 1993 he did fellowships in Canniesburn Hospital Glasgow, Radcliffe Infirmary Oxford, The Cosmetic Surgery Hospital and Toronto General Hospital Toronto, and Providence Hospital Michigan.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He is also Chief of Minimally Invasive Spine Surgery at Beaumont Hospitals. Furthermore, Dr. Perez-Cruet is Vice Chairman, Director and Professor of Minimally Invasive Spine Surgery and the Spine Program at Oakland University, William Beaumont School of Medicine in Rochester, MI.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Fuller graduated from University of Texas Southwestern Medical Center Southwestern Medical School in 1994 and has been in practice for 24 years. He completed a residency at Baylor University Medical Center. He currently practices at Texas Oncology and is affiliated with St David's Medical Center, St David's South Austin Medical Center and Austin Lakes Hospital. Dr. Fuller accepts multiple insurance plans including Aetna, Medicare and Humana. Dr. Fuller also practices at Texas Oncology in Austin, TX. In addition to English, Dr. Fuller's practice supports this language: Spanish.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She was first exposed to medicine one summer when she worked at a rural hospital near home. Her experience there inspired \u201cLiberty Loomis,\u201d her first novel. She lives with her family near Philadelphia.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " She has extensive clinical and research experience in both areas and also holds an academic appointment in the Viral Hepatitis program at Kirby Institute. She has had involvement in many prior ASHM led initiatives and teaching programs including HCV S100 programs, B positive and ASHM conferences. She has an ideal background to contribute to the Board particularly as ASHM continues to expand into viral hepatitis in addition to HIV.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " She is also part-time employed as a researcher at Sykehuset Innlandet Hospital Trust in Gj\u00f8vik, Norway, through the MAGIC (Making GRADE the Irresistible Choice) research and innovation program, focusing on the digitizing of clinical practice guidelines and their use in clinical decision support systems.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " His post graduate training was performed at Rush University and concluded in a Sports Medicine Fellowship as well as a Doctorate in Biochemistry. This combination has allowed him to not only provide standard and emerging techniques in clinical care but also involves innovative clinical and basic science research. Through working as a clinician, researcher, developer, and end user of PatientIQ, Dr. Yanke works to improve research workflows and analysis methods along the entire spectrum of the process.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Matthew Sng practices at Advanced Dental Clinic Jurong West Pte Ltd in Jurong, Singapore. He completed BDS from National University of Singapore, Singapore in 2011. He is a member of College of General Dental Practitioners,Singapore and Singapore Dental Association. Some of the services provided by the doctor are: Dental Fillings,Full Denture (Acrylic),Straightening Teeth (Conventional Braces),Wisdom Tooth Extraction and Invisible/Clear Braces etc.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She practices in Apo, Armed Forces Europe and has the professional credentials of D.O.. The NPI Number for Dr. Charla Cherie Geist is 1629274394 and she holds a License No. 0102202335 (Virginia).", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He opened the Fort Myers office in June of 2014. Previous to practicing on the west coast he was the lead chiropractor at two busy offices in West Palm Beach and Juno Beach Florida where he treated up to 100 patients a day. He has had advanced training in acupuncture and many other modalities. He is experienced in chiropractic adjustments and chiropractic manipulations.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Dr. Kabaker graduated from University of Illinois College of Medicine in 1964 and has been in practice for 53 years. He completed a residency at Lac Usc Medical Center. Dr. Kabaker also specializes in Ear, Nose & Throat (Otolaryngology). He currently practices at Aesthetic Facial Plastic Surgery and is affiliated with Alta Bates Summit Medical Center Alta Bates Campus and Alta Bates Summit Medical Center Summit Campus. Dr. Kabaker accepts multiple insurance plans including Medicare and Health Net.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " The author of the Sounds True book The Fear and Anxiety Solution, Dr. Schaub has developed a method of self-empowerment that combines his medical expertise with NLP (Neuro-Linguistic Programming), timeline therapy, and clinical hypnotherapy. In [\u2026]", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Dr. Ramirez completed his medical education at the Universidad Nacional Mayor de San Marcos in Lima, Peru, followed by a general surgery internship at Mount Sinai Medical Center in Miami Beach. He completed his neurosurgical residency at the University of New Mexico. He is fellowship trained in General Neurosurgery and Critical Care and has an enfolded fellowship in Spine Surgery. Dr. Ramirez has received the \u201cUNM Neuroscience\u201d Award for resident research. He has been published in peer-review journals and has lectured nationally and internationally in neurosurgical forums. He has written book chapters such as Neurosurgery Knowledge Update: Brain Abscess. Dr. Ramirez specializes in Complex and Minimally Invasive Spine Surgery, Tumors, Endoscopic Procedures, Trauma, and Critical Care. He has a special interest in Telemedicine and Physician Education, and outreach in Latin America and his home country of Peru.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " His practice focuses on the management of all musculoskeletal conditions of the foot and ankle in adolescents and adults. He is dedicated to providing comprehensive foot and ankle care to his patients from the toenail to the knee.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He has been trained as a general surgeon and is also board certified by the American Board of Surgery. Dr. Gregory is an associate clinical professor of surgery in the division of plastic and reconstructive surgery, at University of South Florida in Tampa. He is in private practice in Celebration and Altamonte Springs, Fla.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He has taught allied health professionals, medical students, undergraduates and postgraduate doctors. This has included training junior surgeons, SpR\u2019s, GP\u2019s GPwSI (Dermatology) and training future consultants in plastic surgery as well as training GP\u2019s in Minor Surgery in his role as Courses Director at the Primary Care Training Academy.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Anil Murarka hones at Blk Super Speciality Hospital in Pusa Road, Delhi and Dr Anil Murarka Clinic in Pitampura, Delhi. He finished MBBS from Pt. Ravishankar University, Raipur in 1985, Master of (Surgery) from Pt. Ravishankar University, Raipur in 1988 and MCh - Plastic Surgery from Punjab University in 1993. He is an individual from National Academy of Burns of India, Indian Society fo", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She is also studying part time for MSc in drug development at King\u2019s College, London. Grace has two decades of specialist experience as a physician in oncology/haematology in Nigeria and the UK.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " She completed her medical and public health training at Tufts University, with research focused on health disparities and primary care-based addiction treatment. She completed her family medicine residency at Tufts, concentrating on Patient Centered Medical Home transformation and addiction medicine. She is currently completing the Robert Wood Johnson Foundation Clinical Scholars Program at Yale. Her current research focuses on improving health systems and primary care delivery to expand access and address disparities.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Dr. Gee received her medical degree from University of Louisville School of Medicine in Louisville, Kentucky. She completed both her pediatrics residency and fellowship in pediatric critical care medicine at University of Florida Shands Hospital in Gainesville, Florida. Her clinical interests include Sepsis, liver failure and transplant, bronchoscopy, and resident and fellow education. Dr. Gee serves as a faculty member for the Pediatric Critical Care Fellowship.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He is well-renowned for his micro-surgical skills and works in full gender realignment surgeries. Dr Adams shared on what it means to become a plastic surgeon.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Amanda joined Babcock Dermatology in 2010. She is a graduate of The University of Georgia and completed her Physician Assistant studies at The Medical University of South Carolina, where she graduated number one in her class. She is an active member of the Georgia Dermatology Physician Assistants.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Dr. Fine graduated from University of Michigan Medical School in 1982 and has been in practice for 34 years. He currently practices at Leslie Ann Asbury MD and is affiliated with Central Baptist Hospital, Saint Joseph East and Saint Joseph Hospital. Dr. Fine accepts multiple insurance plans including Medicare, Humana and Cigna.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Levy graduated from University of Texas Medical Branch School of Medicine in 1972 and has been in practice for 46 years. He completed a residency at Scottish Rite Hospital for Children. He currently practices at Louis J Levy MD and is affiliated with Sharp Grossmont Hospital. Dr. Levy accepts multiple insurance plans including Aetna, Medicare and Sharp Health Plan. Dr. Levy also practices at Grossmont Hospital Laboratory in La Mesa, CA. In addition to English, Dr. Levy's practice supports this language: Spanish.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He earned an M.D. from University of Wuerzburg in 2000. Dr. Deuse thereafter received advanced training in cardiothoracic surgery at the University Hospital Munich-Grosshadern, the University Heart Center Hamburg-Eppendorf, and Stanford University. He achieved international acclaim for the development of innovative approaches for mitral valve surgery and demonstrated that high success rates can be achieved in endoscopic mitral valve repair even for complex valve pathologies. He is the Director for Minimally-invasive Cardiac Surgery at UCSF.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She practices in Fpo, Armed Forces Europe and has the professional credentials of MD. The NPI Number for Dr. Sarah Lynne Granger is 1538363304 and she holds a License No. 0101245245 (Virginia).", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Her busy practice served thousands of families. She is also the mother of five children ages 6 through 17, some of whom have special challenges like Tourette?s Syndrome, Attention Deficit Disorder, and Obsessive Compulsive Disorder. With over 17 years? experience parenting her own children, several years? experience home-schooling her children and thirteen years? experience as a family physician, Dr. Medhus is uniquely qualified to address the concerns of parents.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " She graduated cum laude with her Master\u2019s degree in Clinical Medical Sciences and Physician Assistant studies from Barry University in Miami in 2011. Jennifer is a member in good standing of the Florida Academy of Physician Assistants.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " As a founding partner at Aesthetic Plastic Surgery, PC, Dr. Israeli has helped to develop a breast reconstruction practice with a uniquely holistic approach. In his practice, patients are offered programs in a Patient Empowerment Program, led by a counselor with more than [\u2026]", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Weakley-Jones was a fulltime KY State Medical Examiner for 29 yrs before retiring in 2010. She has worked with many homicide detectives, police agencies and lawyers on all types of legal cases. She is a Clinical Professor at the University of Louisville School of Medicine; Gratis faculty member at the University of Kentucky and a volunteer advisor to the Louisville Zoo. She has served on the Uof L Foundation Board and is still a member on the UofL Board of Overseers.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He is quickly captured, and finds himself in the care of a surgeon of the North Vietnamese Army in an underground hospital. Both the captor and the prisoner, though patriotic and loyal to their respective countries, realize that they are more medical professionals than soldiers, and build a friendship based on mutual respect. Soon, however, that will be tested when Hanson faces a poignant dilemma. Does he follow the code of conduct that forbids giving comfort to the enemy, or does he honor his Hippocratic Oath to alleviate suffering wherever he finds it?", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He practices in Anchorage, Alaska and has the professional credentials of MD. The NPI Number for Elisha T Powell Iv is 1255345641 and he holds a License No. 6417 (Alaska).", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He serves as the UC Davis School of Medicine Alumni Association Board\u2019s Vice President. He has also served as a volunteer clinical faculty member at the UC Davis School of Medicine for over 40 years. Dr. Osborn was trained by Dr. Bill Blaisdell and helped support the F. William Blaisdell, M.D. Library, housed in the Education Building on the UC Davis Health System campus. Dr. Osborn was the recipient of the 2011 UC Davis Cal Aggie Alumni Association\u2019s Distinguished Achievement Award. He has presented papers at national, state, and regional plastic surgery conferences.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She graduated from the University of Saint Francis in Fort Wayne, IN in 2007 with a Masters degree in Physician Assistant studies. She joined the practice in 2015 after relocating from Concord, NC. She is an active member of the American Academy of Physician Assistants, the Society of Dermatology Physician Assistants, and the Georgia Dermatology Physician Assistant Society. She enjoys spending time with her husband and three boys.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He has been practicing since 2003 and is one of the few orthopedic surgeons in the state with a CAQ subspecialty certificate in orthopedic sports medicine from the American Board of Orthopaedic Surgery.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She is a 2016 graduate of Butler University where she obtained her Bachelor\u2019s degree in Health Sciences and her Master\u2019s degree in Physician Assistant Studies. She is board certified by the National Commission on Certification of Physician Assistants (NCCPA).", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He completed his orthopedic surgery residency in Boston at the Harvard University Combined Orthopedic Residency Program. Participating hospitals include Children\u2019s Hospital Boston, Massachusetts General Hospital, Brigham and Women\u2019s Hospital and Beth Israel Hospital. Following that, he was chosen to be chief resident in orthopedics at the Massachusetts General Hospital/Harvard Medical School. He then completed a year of fellowship in pediatric orthopedic surgery, also at Harvard Medical School.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Besides being a teaching faculty at AIIMS and at Sir Ganga Ram Hospital, and professor of Neurosurgery at Guwahati Assam. He has also been the head of the department of Neurosurgery at Max hospitals, and Sir Ganga Ram hospital New Delhi.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He has demonstrated expertise, dedication and excellence throughout his career and has helped many achieve their beauty, aesthetic and body image goals.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Alyssa is always eager to learn more about advancements in the aesthetic industry. She loves to work with others in order \"to educate, empower, and enrich [her] patient's healthcare as a whole through all stages during their journey through life.\" Outside of the office, Alyssa enjoys spending time with her loved ones, traveling, hiking, yoga, and trying new foods!", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Allie received her MD from the University of Michigan Medical School, where she also met her future wife, Joyce. After getting married, Allie completed her Nuclear Medicine residency at Stanford and began her career at Kaiser Permanente, where she helped expand her department. Five years ago, Alison started to have more persistent feelings that she was in the wrong body, so she came out to Joyce that she was transgender. In the years since her transition, she has been able to rebuild her sense of trust in the church and join an LGBTQ affirming fellowship. She is now also a speaker for Kaiser\u2019s Transgender Education Program and an advocate for the transgender community.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " A 1989 Hope graduate, he completed his M.D. at the Johns Hopkins University School of Medicine in Baltimore, Md., and an M.B.A. at the University of Pittsburgh. His internship and residency were at the University of Pittsburgh Medical Center.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He is certified by the American Board of Orthopedic Surgery and specializes in sports medicine, as well as hip and knee replacement surgery. Utilizing state of the art technologies, he has dedicated himself to the development of methods to decrease postoperative pain and speed the recovery process.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He is a graduate of Yale University and the College of Physicians and Surgeons of Columbia University in New York. A Clinical Assistant Professor of Plastic Surgery at the Albert Einstein College of Medicine in New York, he is a member of numerous professional societies, including the American Society of Aesthetic Plastic Surgeons (ASAPS), the American Society of Plastic Surgeons (ASPS), and the American College of Surgeons (ACS). Dr. Engler is a Member of the Advisory Board of Healthcare.com and is an Expert for Allexperts.com", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " After earning his medical degree from SUNY Downstate, Dr. Romanelli received eight years of post-graduate specialty training in specialties including general surgery, plastic surgery, and hand surgery. Dr. Romanelli has received numerous awards and professional appointments in recognition of his surgical skill and results, and he currently serves as the Chief of Surgery at Huntington Hospital, in addition to providing a full range of procedures from his cosmetic surgery office.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " His interests include surgery for weight loss and diabetes, acid reflux disease, gallstones, hernia repair and surgical emergencies. He is a Fellow of the Royal College of Surgeons and holds a Master of Surgery title for his research thesis. He is a member of the British Obesity and Metabolic Surgery Society, the International Federation of Surgery for Obesity, the Association of Upper GI Surgeons and the American Society for Metabolic and Bariatric Surgery.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She has experience in general medical and surgical care, cardiac critical care and hospital medicine. She received her master\u2019s degree in health science from George Washington University. Ginsburg specializes in internal medicine, cardiology and critical care. She is a member of the American Academy of Physician Assistants and the Rhode Island Academy of Physician Assistants.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He's additionally the founding father of East Bay Neurosurgery and Spine clinic, which was listed by Medicare as one of many busiest and best neurosurgery practice clinics in San Francisco Bay Space. Dr. Tang is understood for his pleasant perspective and has been helping patients with their considerations with a more private method. His clinic also has a website, the place sufferers can discover worthwhile info on therapies, procedures and methods to contact him for a session session.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He is nationally recognized for his advanced surgical techniques, impeccable attention to detail, and ability to produce natural-looking results. At Columbus Aesthetic & Plastic Surgery, Dr. Heck prides himself on providing the highest quality of patient care, backed by his advanced educa... view full bio", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He is involved in researches concerning liver surgery and transplantation immunology. In the past 15 years, Prof. Lu focuses on the immunology of liver transplantation, especially on the clinical application of regulatory T cells for transplant patients. In the past 5 years, some of these studies have been translated into the clinic for the patients after living donor liver transplantation surgery.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He has been in the neurosurgery field for at least twenty years. His experience in the field makes him a qualified medical professional to treat people with spinal disorders. Dar Tang is currently practicing at Eastbay Neurosurgery and Spine. In 2014, Medicare listed East Bay Neurosurgery and Spine as one of the busiest practices in the San Francisco Bay Area. Dr Tang is affiliated with some hospitals that include Alta Bates Summit Medical Center Alta Bates Campus, St Rose Hospital, San Ramon Regional Medical Center, San Leandro Hospital and John Muir Medical Center Walnut Creek Campus.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Gutierrez is one of the leading doctors for gastric sleeve surgery in Mexico, as his years of experience, intense training, and commitment to patient safety make him one of the ideal choices for bariatric care.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He says it\u2019s unlikely that Rodgers will come back this season. He says when Rodgers broke his collarbone by his non-throwing shoulder in 2013, he missed seven games.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Sebastian takes on the appearance spcials a tall, handsome fasino with black hair, red eyes, and pale skin. He typically dresses in a butler's outfit, which consists of black trousers, a. Soul Eater is a shonen manga by Avatar slots Ohkubo which has been red rock casino dining specials serialized in Monthly Shonen Gangan since watch casino tycoon online. It received a 51 specils anime by \u2026 Ultraman Jack ( Urutoraman Jakku), formerly known as quot;New Ultramanquot; ( Red rock casino dining specials Urutoraman), Ultraman ll (II Urutoraman Nisei) or Returning Ultraman ( Kaettekita Urutoraman), is the fourth Ultra Crusader to arrive on Dning, debuting in Return of Ultraman.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She is board certified in gastroenterology, internal medicine (in both the United States and UK) and is also an advanced fellowship trained interventional gastroenterologist.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He taught oral and maxillofacial surgery at IUSD. Wohlford holds degrees from University of Iowa and Ohio State University, having completed intensive training in maxillofacial reconstruction, facial trauma, general anesthesia, bone grafting and dental implants.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " His emphasis is on minimally-invasive arthroscopic surgery with a particular emphasis on all-arthroscopic repair for rotator cuff injury and shoulder instability injuries, as well as reconstructive knee ligament surgery and cartilage restoration techniques.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " His Ivy league training has enabled him to be on the cutting edge of many cosmetic and reconstructive surgeries. He is currently trained in large reconstructive surgeries including microvascular procedures, truncal reconstruction, and congenital abnormalities. He also has considerable training in all trauma cases including hand, upper and lower extremity, and craniofacial. His cosmetic experience has led him many recent publications and presentations throughout the country. Dr. Tattini is one of few plastic surgeons in central Illinois currently performing endoscopic breast and face procedures.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He is the medical director of Liberty Vision in Hamden Connecticut. He can often be seen on CT Style, the WTNH lifestyle show that airs weekdays at 9:00AM.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She earned her Bachelor of Science in Biology/Psychology at Union College, Schenectady, NY in 1990. After working as a research assistant studying Alzheimer\u2019s disease at Massachusetts General Hospital in Boston, MA, she became interested in pursuing a career in medicine. She earned her Masters in Health Science at Duke University, NC in 1994. Her first experience was in family practice and after a few years she moved into dermatology. Lisa joined the North Valley Dermatology team in 2007. She is an active member of the SDPA (Society of Dermatology Physician Assistants).", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He reported on the American Association for the Surgery of Trauma\u0092s Web site that the Landstuhl trauma information system is incomplete and that \u0093information may be conflicting.\u0094", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Rothberg graduated from University of Florida College of Medicine in 1984 and has been in practice for 34 years. He completed a residency at Hospital for Joint Diseases Orthopaedic Institute. Dr. Rothberg also specializes in Hand Surgery. He currently practices at Orthopaedic Associates of West Florida and is affiliated with Medical Center of Trinity and Morton Plant Hospital. Dr. Rothberg accepts multiple insurance plans including Aetna, Medicare and Humana. Dr. Rothberg also practices at Morton Plant Hospital in Clearwater, FL. In addition to English, Dr. Rothberg's practice supports these languages: Farsi/Persian and Spanish.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He also works for cbm as the Global Advisor on physical impairment issues. In this 2-part interview, Dr. Penny describes his experience piloting a clubfoot program in Uganda and his passion for cbm\u2019s ongoing work.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Growing up, his family owned and operated a small bodega in Hartford, Connecticut in a largely Latino neighborhood. Not only did he learn the importance of hard work, he witnessed firsthand, the stark disparities within the community regarding education, occupation, and healthcare. These experiences sparked his interest to serve his community and to work with the underserved. Dr. Nunez earned his undergraduate and medical degrees from the University of Connecticut. During this time, he helped co-direct a mobile migrant farm clinic that provided free medical care to migrant workers throughout Connecticut. He also spearheaded a Promotora program to empower members of the migrant community to become health educators and advocates within their community.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Dr. Chang uniquely combines impressive credentials with genuine compassion for all that are in need. Graduating Magna Cum Laude from Yale and then going on to receive his medical degree from Columbia University, his training stands on its own as a symbol of his commitment to excellence. Dr. Chang takes pride in taking plenty of time with each patient to listen to all of their goals and concerns before going over all of their options to make sure they get the best possible care as well as beautiful results.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " As an oncologist and enthusiastic home cook, she advises \u201ceverything in moderation\u201d and talked of the benefits and ease of preparing simple, healthy, and inexpensive meals from scratch, especially in a wok. She uses a square-bottomed wok that she brought from Taiwan, but noted similar ones are available in Boston\u2019s Chinatown and can be used on either electric or gas stovetops without an adapter. She shared her favorite fish marinades, which she served on different days with squid and salmon\u2013a commercial Korean barbecue sauce, and her own blend: 1 cup olive oil, a \u201cbig ginger root,\u201d and 1 \u00bd tablespoons bottled curry powder.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " It has a long career and extensive academic training, which have earned merit to be the author of multiple publications in medical journals and scientific prestigious national and international scope. He is also a member of several medical associations.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She graduated from the University of New Hampshire and continued on to graduate school at Northeastern University where she received her Masters degree in Health Professions and Policy as well as her Physician Assistant Certification.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Dr. Peter Robless practices at Peter Robless Vascular Surgery in Orchard, Singapore and Robless Vascular Surgery in Farrer Park, Singapore. He completed MBBS from University of Aberdeen, United Kingdom in 1992 and FRCS - General Surgery from Royal College of Surgeons of Edinburgh (RCSE), U.K in 2003. He is a member of Singapore Medical Council. Some of the services provided by the doctor are: Deep vein thrombosis - DVT,Strokes, Transient Ischaemic Attack and Carotid Artery Disease,Thoracic and Abdominal Aortic Aneurysms,Diabetic Feet and Carotid Body Tumor etc.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Hecht graduated from University of Chicago Pritzker School of Medicine in 1979 and has been in practice for 39 years. He completed a residency at The University of Chicago Medicine. He currently practices at Orthopaedic Specialists and is affiliated with Franciscan Physicians Hospital and St Catherine Hospital. Dr. Hecht accepts multiple insurance plans including Aetna, SIHO Insurance Services and Medicare. Dr. Hecht also practices at Surender P Dhiman MD in East Chicago, IN. In addition to English, Dr. Hecht's practice supports this language: Spanish.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He is specialized in management of complex orthopedic conditions and is recognized as one of the most result oriented joint replacement and arthroscopic surgeons.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Louis. He performs an average of 12 surgeries per week on children as young as age seven. Almost all of the work is on athletes suffering from repetitive stress injuries on still developing bodies. There are an estimated 1.3 million such sports related injuries each year.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Lenehan graduated from University of Vermont College of Medicine in 1969 and has been in practice for 49 years. He completed a residency at Passavant Pavillion. Dr. Lenehan also specializes in Surgery. He currently practices at South Shore Hospital and is affiliated with South Shore Hospital. Dr. Lenehan accepts multiple insurance plans including Harvard Pilgrim, Tufts Health Plan and Medicare. In addition to English, Dr. Lenehan's practice supports these languages: French and Spanish.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He earned a bachelor\u2019s degree from the University of California, Berkeley and his medical degree from New York Medical College. He then completed a general surgery internship at St. Vincent\u2019s Hospital and Medical Center of New York, followed by a general surgery residency at The Massachusetts General Hospital of Harvard University. During this residency he also finished a two-year research fellowship in thoracic oncology at the Memorial Sloan-Kettering Cancer Center in New York. After his residency he pursed a cardiothoracic fellowship at the University of California at Davis followed by another fellowship in advanced and minimally invasive thoracic surgery at Cedars-Sinai Medical Center in Los Angeles.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She spends time listening and explaining medical conditions and treatments. The communication between her front office and her is disappointing. For example, no one answers the phone directly, it seems all calls go to voice messaging and may or may not be returned the same day. Messages given to person regarding an appointment (when they do call back) are not noted for the doctor.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He is also the Head of the Cosmetic Surgery division at Santa Catarina Hospital. Dr Manuel Figueiroa has been operating for over 30 years, inspiring confidence in every patient he has treated. During this time he has developed a thorough understanding of the many reasons why people choose to have cosmetic surgery as well as the positive impact it has on their confidence and how they feel about themselves. (more\u2026)", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She earned her Bachelor of Science degree from East Carolina University and her Master of Health Science degree from Duke University. In addition to Urgent Care Medicine, Airely also has experience in Orthopedics and Family Medicine.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " She has been practicing in the Vail Valley for the last sixteen years. To schedule an appointment please call 970-926-7606 or Wiancek@healthref.com, www.healthref.com or www.riverwalknaturalhealth.blogspot.com.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " She is the creator of ChimpSaver.org, a website teaching users why chimpanzees are remarkable and enabling them to advocate on behalf of chimps and other Great Apes. She is rapidly becoming a recognized leader in the battle to save great apes. She lives in Ventura, California.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Dr. Poonam Patyal practices at Shivalik Dental Clinic in Malviya Nagar, Delhi. She completed her BDS from Himachal Dental College in 2007. She is a member of Indian Dental Association. Some of the services provided by the doctor are: Crowns and Bridges Fixing, Cosmetic/ Aesthetic Dentistry, Tooth Extraction, Dental Implant Fixing and Teeth Whitening etc.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He is MD from the Case Western Reserve University and a Resident of Plastic Surgery from The University of Utah. Certified by the American Board of Plastic Surgery, Dr. Azar has hospital affiliations at Los Robles Hospital, Thousand Oaks Surgical Hospital and Rolling Oaks Surgery Center. He is also the member of The American Board of Plastic Surgery.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He completed his post-medical school training as a resident of the University of Wisconsin. He also worked as a fellow of Plastic & Reconstructive Surgery from the University of Wisconsin. Certified by the The American Board of General and Plastic Surgery, he is a member of American Society of Plastic Surgeons (ASPS)", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He is Clinical Professor of Surgery at the Quillen College of Medicine of East Tennessee State University. He lives in Johnson City, Tennessee with his wife Bonnie, who is a nurse practitioner. Together they have five children, including two grown sons and three girls adopted from China, and two grandchildren. He and his family are very involved with their church, their children\u2019s school and extracurricular activities, and organizations, such as LWB that support international adoption and underprivileged children.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Seslowe graduated from Albert Einstein College of Medicine Yeshiva University in 1964 and has been in practice for 54 years. He completed a residency at Bronx Lebanon Hospital Center. He currently practices at Kenneth E Seslowe MD and is affiliated with NYU Hospital for Joint Diseases. Dr. Seslowe accepts multiple insurance plans including Medicare and Capital District Physicians Health Plan. In addition to English, Dr. Seslowe's practice supports this language: Spanish.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Davian earned her Master of Science in Physician Assistant Studies from A.T. Still University in Arizona after earning an Associate of Applied Science from Cuyahoga Community College Western Campus. She is a member of multiple professional organizations, including the American Academy of Physician Assistants, National Commission of Certified Physician Assistants, Ohio Association of Physician Assistants and the Society for Vascular Surgery.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He regularly performs Roux-en-Y gastric bypass surgeries, sleeve gastrectomies, gastric banding, colectomies, gastrectomies, antireflux surgeries, appendectomies, splenectomies, hernia repairs, adrenalectomies and other complex, minimally invasive procedures.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She practices in Abington, Pennsylvania and has the professional credentials of PA-C. The NPI Number for Kristin Mountney is 1114077112 and she holds a License No. MA052588 (Pennsylvania).", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Her clinical and academic interests include primary care in the global health context, global health education, the scholarship-leadership continuum, the care of marginalized populations and global health education scholarship. Dr. Rouleau also holds a position as Director of the Besrour Centre of the College of Family Physicians of Canada.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Her childhood was spent in third world countries as her father worked in international public health and her mother as an author and expert in Asian art. She met her husband Luke and moved to Mendocino County in 1981 where they have a biodynamic winery and farm. They have three grown children and two grandchildren. She is bilingual in Spanish and English and enjoys hiking, reading, gardening and the turning of the seasons.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " As an Adjunct Professor for the Physician Executive MBA Program at the University of Tennessee, he teaches physician-led operations improvement. His work focuses on innovative approaches to ED and hospital-wide operational and patient flow improvement, specifically addressing the application of lean manufacturing concepts within the health care environment. Dr. Crane also teaches Lean Health Care courses for The University of Tennessee Center for Executive Education. He has been a faculty member for the IHI's Learning and Innovation Community on Operational and Clinical Improvement in the Emergency Department.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Dr. Petilon graduated from Tufts University School of Medicine in 2001 and has been in practice for 17 years. He currently practices at Orthopaedic & Spine Surgery of Atlanta and is affiliated with Emory University Hospital. Dr. Petilon accepts multiple insurance plans including Aetna, SIHO Insurance Services and Cigna. In addition to English, Dr. Petilon's practice supports this language: Spanish.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Why choose Dr. DeMars when considering plastic surgery? Dr. DeMars combines his skill and vision as a surgeon with a compassionate approach to all his patients.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Iacobuzio\u2019s research is focused on the fundamental mechanisms underlying metastasis using pancreatic cancer as a model tumor type. Her laboratory is unique in that it utilizes primary and metastatic tissues obtained from the rapid autopsy of cancer patients in combination with next-generation sequencing of the harvested tissues to understand the mechanisms of metastasis. This approach has led to the discovery of the distinct patterns of metastatic failure in pancreatic cancer patients, the relationship of these patterns of failure to the genetics of the primary carcinoma, the origin of distant metastases from subclonal populations that are preexistent within the primary carcinoma, and the timing of distant metastasis formation based on computational models.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Joseph Health Medical Group, and the Director of Neurosurgery and Neurotrauma at Santa Rosa Memorial Hospital. In addition to general neurosurgery, his specialty interests include cranial surgery for brain tumors as well as spine trauma. Dr. Consiglieri believes in a multispecialty approach to the treatment of the degenerative spine with an extremely conservative approach to surgical decision making.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She practices in Ann Arbor, Michigan and has the professional credentials of MD. The NPI Number for Lori J Pierce is 1174616544 and she holds a License No. 4301059814 (Michigan).", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He is the chairman of the Department of Neurosurgery at Hackensack University Medical Center and the director of the residency training program. He is the author of \"The End of Back Pain.\" His interest is in improving the treatment of back pain with or without surgery.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " After realizing that he would be working outside in Kuwait in the hot sun, he changed his mind and thought more about taking on a profession where he would be inside where it is cooler. That was where he got the idea to become a surgeon who would be able to operate in an air-conditioned room. Years later, he has succeeded in becoming a surgeon who practices out of the United States.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She has been practicing from the last 18 years. She is passionate about her work as a Homeopathic doctor and is also passionate about cooking, equity markets and quest into spirituality. All the four have now become an integral part of her life!", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He specializes in the surgical treatment of sports injuries and arthritis of the hip and knee joints. He completed his fellowship training in sports medicine and joint replacement at Hospital for Special Surgery.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He has been published his techniques in medical textbooks and peer-reviewed surgery journals, as well as having traveled to over 50 countries to present his techniques at Plastic Surgery Meetings.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " An artist from a young age, Dr. Mani is renowned worldwide not only for his skill and experience in performing aesthetic procedures, but also for the many advances and innovations he has contributed in the areas of facelift surgery, breast surgery, and rhinoplasty.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He maximizes patients' non-operative management prior to considering surgery. If necessary, he offers minimally invasive (arthroscopic) and open procedures ...", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She received her bachelor\u2019s and master\u2019s degrees in health science from Quinnipiac University, where she graduated summa cum laude. She is a member of the Academy of Physician Assistants.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He was arrested after attending a silent vigil on 19 November 2015 commemorating the Mohammed Mahmoud Street protests of 2011, for which he was given a two year prison sentence on 13 December 2015.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. McEnnerney graduated from University of California Los Angeles David Geffen School of Medicine in 1979 and has been in practice for 39 years. He currently practices at Alburquerque Health Partners and is affiliated with Lovelace Medical Center. Dr. McEnnerney accepts multiple insurance plans including Aetna, Medicare and Blue Cross Blue Shield of New Mexico. Dr. McEnnerney also practices at Abq Health Partners in Albuquerque, NM.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He earned his medical degree at Georgetown University School of Medicine and then went on to complete a general surgery residency program at Columbia University\u2014New York Presbyterian Hospital, where he served as Chief Surgery Resident for Robotic Surgery. Prior to joining MedStar Franklin Square\u2019s team, he pursued a colorectal surgery fellowship at the Cleveland Clinic Florida, learning novel, advanced laparoscopic techniques.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " David Wise Plastic Surgery Walnut Creek CA. Since 1999 Plastic Surgery Studios has been a leader in online digital marketing almost exclusively for plastic surgeons cosmetic surgeons dermatologists cosmetic 04/08/60 Peter Bent Brigham Hospital Boston Massachusetts Sumner A. Mission a pediatric plastic surgeon (Dr. Schusterman Plastic Surgery in Houston Texas; Breast Augmentation; Breast Lift; each one of his Portland and Vancouver east lift patients by includes the placement of east implants. Peter B A Comprehensive Guide to Aesthetic Plastic Surgery (available on Amazon.com). They can be contacted via phone at (804) 200-1045 Information on Rodney B.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She practices in Little Rock, Arkansas and has the professional credentials of MD. The NPI Number for Dr. Zarina Shah is 1154370518 and she holds a License No. R-4128 (Arkansas).", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He received his medical degree from the University of California, San Francisco and completed his residency in orthopedic surgery at the Northwestern University Medical center in Chicago, Illinois. Dr. Kvitne is a well-recognized expert in the field of sports medicine, specializing in the evaluation and treatment of shoulder, elbow and knee disorders and injuries.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Over his 35-year long career as a surgeon, he has had field placements with Medecins Sans Frontieres (MSF) in Yemen, Pakistan and the Democratic Republic of Congo. Most recently he spent time at Al-Shifa Hospital in Palestine, operating on trauma patients from the conflict in the Gaza strip. Although a vascular surgeon by training, he also performs general orthopaedic and burns-plastic surgery in the field. He will share stories from his career in humanitarian surgery and discuss the challenges of operating in under-resourced hospitals facing adverse circumstances.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " With over 30 years' experience and a perioperative mortality rate lower than both the national and international standard, he is one of the leading surgeons in his field and his skills are highly valued and recognised. His excellent record includes more than 600 major complex surgical procedures on the liver, pancreas, and biliary tract, and over 2000 laparoscopic cholecystectomies. He has a special interest in liver metastases, pancreatic cancer, and onocological surgery. He has led several international projects and trials, and is well-published, with numerous peer-reviewed publications to his name.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He practices in Apo, Armed Forces Americas and has the professional credentials of MD. The NPI Number for Mr. Adam Orville Strand is 1881019057 and he holds a License No. 0101258937 (Virginia).", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " She graduated from Bowie High school in Arlington and completed her undergraduate degree from Texas State University in San Marcos, Texas in May 2003 with a Bachelor of Science in Biology.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Dr. Langenberg also specializes in minimally invasive surgeries, such as laparoscopy and robotic procedures, including single-site robotic surgery. These procedures are performed through a single incision, or a few small incisions, which translates into minimal scarring and faster recoveries. He welcomes new patients.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " As a urology specialist, Mr Hanegbi treats a number of urinary system conditions, such as prostate enlargement, prostate cancer, kidney cancer and kidney stones. Mr Hanegbi has a special interest in treating kidney stones, and has great experience and training in treating this condition.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She has over a decade of pharmacy and physician assistant experience working for major healthcare providers in the United States and Germany. Prior to working for Adventist, Dr. Reed cared for wounded active duty soldiers at a major military hospital in Germany. Afterward, Dr. Reed began practicing emergency medicine in Maryland for urgent care centers. She also has years of experience working as a clinical pharmacist for the U.S. Army Reserve and hospital systems.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " She earned her medical degree from the University of Miami Medical School in 1994. Dr. Soloway-Simon completed residency programs at Broward Community College in 2001 and at Texas Children\u2019s Hospital in 2004.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He practices at Cleveland Clinic\u2019s main campus and at Fairview Hospital. Dr. Smolock is an Assistant Professor at Cleveland Clinic Lerner College of Medicine of Case Western Reserve University. He is board-certified in vascular surgery and general surgery.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He received his medical degree from Texas Tech University Health Sciences Center School of Medicine and has been in practice for more than 20 years. Dr. Birdwell accepts several types of health insurance, listed below. He is one of 33 doctors at Baylor Regional Medical Center at Plano and one of 10 at Baylor Scott and White Medical Center-Lake Pointe who specialize in Surgery.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Wang Li Hua practices at Ma Kuang Chinese Medicine & Research Centre Pte Ltd (Bukit Gombak) in Bukit Batok, Singapore,Ma Kuang Chinese Medicine & Research Centre Pte Ltd (Clementi) in Clementi, Singapore and Ma Kuang Chinese Medicine & Research Centre Pte Ltd (Nanyang) in Jurong, Singapore. She completed Bachelor in TCM from Hebei College of TCM, China in 1986. Some of the services provided by the her are: Treatment for Respiratory Disorders,Pain Management Counseling,Menstrual Disorders,Treatment for Gastrointestinal Disorders and Treatment for Urological Disorders etc.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He did his undergraduate work in biomedical engineering at Harvard University and received his medical degree from SUNY Stony Brook. Dr. Drakos is the author of more than 50 peer-reviewed articles, book chapters and presentations involving orthopedics. He has directly provided care for high school, collegiate, professional, and Olympic athletes.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Bonvillain graduated from Louisiana State University School of Medicine New Orleans in 2010 and has been in practice for 8 years. Dr. Bonvillain also specializes in Sports Medicine. He currently practices at Covington Orthopedic and is affiliated with Lakeview Regional Medical Center. Dr. Bonvillain accepts multiple insurance plans including Aetna, Blue Cross Blue Shield of Louisiana and Blue Cross Blue Shield of Michigan. In addition to English, Dr. Bonvillain's practice supports this language: Spanish.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " His research is focused on the pathophysiology and treatment of phantom perceptions. He developed the technique of electrical auditory cortex stimulation for tinnitus and somatosensory cortex stimulation for pain. Recently, implants were performed for auditory hallucinations.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He specializes in all kinds of cosmetic and reconstructive procedures, except craniofacial surgery. For more insights on cosmetic procedures, visit this website..", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Chin Shou King practices at T32 Dental Pearl at Bedok in Bedok, Singapore. He completed BDS from National University of Singapore, Singapore in 2004.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Kapoor is dedicated to personalized care and outstanding, natural-looking results. Dr Kapoor specializes in cosmetic surgery of the face, breast, and body. He has experience in the SMAS-platysma bidirectional face lift, which provides a more natural, longer-lasting result than a traditional face lift. Dr. Kapoor chose plastic surgery as his career because he loves helping people transform their lives and improve their self-image.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He is one of the only surgeons in Oklahoma to have received fellowship training in shoulder and elbow surgery from the American Shoulder and Elbow Surgeons Association. Dr. Nelson can perform complex procedures including total shoulder replacements, reverse total shoulder replacements, rotator cuff and labral repairs and elbow joint replacements. A native Oklahoman, Dr. Nelson provides complete care for sports medicine injuries, hip and knee injuries, degenerative arthritis and workplace accidents. He is board certified by the American Osteopathic Board of Orthopedic Surgery.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Al-Basha carries out hundreds of laparoscopic and general surgical procedures per year and has gained substantial reputation for performing extremely safe surgeries with very low complication rates in Syria, Saudi Arabia and the UAE. Recently, Dr. Basha has opened his new private clinic in Jumairah and has always performed his surgeries in the best hospitals of Dubai.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Femino graduated from Johns Hopkins University School of Medicine in 1990 and has been in practice for 27 years. He currently practices at City of Hope Medical Group and is affiliated with Antelope Valley Hospital. Dr. Femino accepts multiple insurance plans including Aetna, Medicare and Cigna. Dr. Femino also practices at City of Hope National Medical Center Specialties in Duarte, CA. In addition to English, Dr. Femino's practice supports these languages: Tagalog and Spanish.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Most recently in her career, she served as Health Services Administrator managing a large crew of medical and mental health staff serving over 600 inmates in a local correctional facility. During her career as RN, Norma had extensive experience as an ER Manager and Trauma Coordinator helping a rural community hospital in Southern Colorado achieve Level IV Trauma Center Status. Norma received Certification in Emergency Medical Technician Intermediate at Trinidad State Junior College in 1986. She received her Associates in Applied Science Nursing from TSJC in 1991. She has additional education from North Dakota School of Medicine, Grand Forks, ND, 2003.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " After placing in the tenth percentile on the National Physician Assistant Certification Exam, she traveled to Gambia, West Africa to complete the rest of her training. Upon practicing family medicine for five years in an underserved part of Michigan, where she has worked with Dr. Siri in Allergy and Asthma specialty care since 2007. She has been a wonderful part of the MASA family since its establishment in 2013.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Dr. Ernest Wang practices at Neurosurgery Partners Brain + Spine Solutions in Novena, Singapore and Neurosurgery Partners Brain + Spine Solutions in Tanglin, Singapore. He completed MBBS from National University of Singapore, Singapore in 1994,FRCS - General Surgery from Royal College of Physicians and Surgeons (RCPS), Glasgow in 1999 and FRCS - Neurosurgery from Royal College of Physicians and Surgeons (RCPS), Glasgow in 2004. Some of the services provided by the doctor are: Spine Surgery,Skull base Surgery,Brain Tumour Surgery,Stroke Surgery and Neurotrauma etc.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He is also assistant professor of neurological surgery at The Ohio State University College of Medicine. Dr. Sribnick has published more than 40 research publications, book chapters, reviews and case studies. His research and clinical interests focus on surgical and medical interventions for traumatic brain and spinal cord injuries. Dr. Sribnick has been recognized by his peers and mentors through many awards and honors, including the American Society for Neurochemistry Young Investigator Award (2004) and the George Tindell Resident Research Award (2012, 2013) from Emory University, where he completed his neurosurgery residency.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She attended Pomona College in Claremont, CA where she received her B.A. in English. Knowing it was time to move back to the South, she next attended Duke University School of Medicine, where she earned her M.D. She went on to complete her residency in family medicine at MUSC and Trident hospitals in Charleston, SC. Having a love for her own rural community, Ellen returned to Gainesville shortly after residency to start her her career as a family physician at the Longstreet Clinic.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He is MD from the State University of New York and a board certified Surgeon by The American Board of Oral & Maxillofacial Surgery. He is a member of American Board of Plastic Surgery.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Robert McCrum joins him in Ukraine as he tries to save the life of 11-year-old ViktoriaWe joined the green-gowned brain surgery team soon after daybreak. The chill of the operating theatre was filled with the inevitable frisson of nerves before a big op....", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Thomas' Hospitals. He is committed to providing the highest standards of care and delivering safe, natural & beautiful results. He is a member of both BAPRAS and BAAPS.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He is Head of the Retinopathy of Prematurity Retinal Detachment team at GOSH, which is the UK national centre for the complex condition. His area of expertise include...", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Taub has extensive experience caring for entire families and dealing with a variety of medical conditions. She promotes a healthy lifestyle and preventive measures that empower patients to become active participants in their own health care.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " She practices naturopathic oncology at Naturopathic Specialists LLC - New Hampshire, specializing in prevention and naturopathic care for people who have been affected by cancer in their lives. Dr. Alschuler has authored many articles in professional and popular press publications and has co-authored Definitive Guide to Cancer: An Integrative Approach to Prevention, Treatment and Healing 3rd Edition (Celestial Arts, 2010). She gives presentations about integrated healthcare, naturopathic medicine and naturopathic oncology nationally and internationally. Dr. Alschuler is the immediate past-President of the American Association of Naturopathic Physicians. Dr. Alschuler is the Vice President of Quality and Education at Emerson Ecologics, LLC, which provides healthcare professionals with the highest quality nutritional supplements.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " She offers high quality and compassionate care to patients presenting with a wide variety of dermatologic diseases and concerns. Optimizing and excelling in all dermatological procedures, she strives to provide the most advanced care to patients.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Certified by the American Board of Plastic Surgery, he is a member of American Society for Aesthetic Plastic Surgery (ASAPS) and American Society of Plastic Surgeons (ASPS) which shows his dedication and hard work to acquire these positions in the field of Plastic Surgery. Dr. Wells has hospital affiliations at Good Samaritan Hospital, Baptist Health, Saint Joseph Hospital and other loyal hospitals where his patients get total care. He believes in total care and support of his patients to give them early recovery.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Lurie Comprehensive Cancer Center of Northwestern University. She has worked in benign hematology for the past seven years. Lindsey attended graduate school at Nova Southeastern University in Fort Lauderdale, Florida and completed her undergraduate degree at the University of Iowa.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Insecurities about nose shape and positioning are among the most frequent reasons his patients say they don\u2019t like their appearance. There is a solution offered through rhinoplasty, which can change the nose size, profile, and width. The shape of nostrils can also be reconfigured through this surgery.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " In her free time, she raises her 3 children (all still under 6). In her other free time, of which there isn't much, she also reads SF & F and fanfic, plays boardgames and computer games, debates medical ethics, and waves vaguely at the Arisia Dealers Room.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " She is well known as a featured writer for Dermascope professional publication, and has shared her expertise as a guest speaker at the International Dermal Institute. After careful review and consideration, Linda was chosen to be an editorial reviewer with Milady publishing. Her expertise is now included in the Milady Advanced Esthetics 2016.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Over the years he has treated many Tijuana tummy tuck, liposuction and breast implants Mexico patients. He is also a renowned facial plastic surgeon, performing face lift, rhinoplasty and eyelid surgery in Tijuana.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She practices in Apo, Armed Forces Europe and has the professional credentials of M.D.. The NPI Number for Mrs. Charlotte Marie Lee is 1578622312 and she holds a License No. 13211 (Nevada).", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Dr. Leighton has a unique bedside manner, treating every patient like family and giving positive change to patients' lives. Dr. Leighton is known internationally as an educator, frequently accompanied by an entourage of students and residents who are given the opportunity to learn from his expertise and precision. Dr. Leighton earned his undergraduate degree with honors from the University of Colorado Boulder before obtaining his MD degree from the University of Illinois College of Medicine. After completing his medical degree, Dr. Leighton was selected to be in the Phoenix Integrated Surgical Residency program for 5 years for intensive training in general, trauma, and vascular surgery. He then completed a two-year plastic surgery residency in the Phoenix Plastic Surgery Residency program.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He received his medical degree from the Eastern Virginia Medical School, and completed his general surgery internship and residency at Naval Medical Center Portsmouth, where he also served as staff surgeon. He has held academic posts as an instructor at Uniformed Services University of the Health Sciences in Bethesda.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He established and developed an orthopaedic surgery practice in Monmouth County, New Jersey, and maintained long-term affiliations with several hospitals in the New York metropolitan area, serving as Director of Orthopaedic Surgery at Jersey Shore University Medical Center, Neptune, NJ.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She graduated medical school from UT Southwestern Medical School, and completed her residency at UT Southwestern/Children's Medical Center in pediatrics, where she also completed her fellowship in pediatric hematology/oncology. Dr. Stegner's clinical interests include leukemia and her research interests include the prevention of invasive fungal infections in children being treated for cancer.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " His area of expertise is adult neurosurgery with sub-specialist interests in complex spine surgery - including the use of metalwork to stabilise the spine as well as injuries and fractures - and vascular neurosurgery.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Anderson graduated from University of Southern California School of Medicine in 1972 and has been in practice for 45 years. He completed a residency at King Drew Medical Center. Dr. Anderson also specializes in Sports Medicine. He currently practices at Advanced Orthopedic Specialty Medical Center and is affiliated with Providence Little Company of Mary Medical Center Torrance. Dr. Anderson accepts multiple insurance plans including Aetna, Medicare and Cigna. Dr. Anderson also practices at Joseph Calvin Anderson MD in Rancho Palos Verdes, CA.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Graduated in Medicine and Surgery from the University of Granada, he has a brilliant background, highlighting courses abroad in the distinguished universities of London and Harvard. He is an active member of the Andalusian and Spanish Societies of Neurosurgery, with multiple scientific communications in the congresses of both societies. He has published numerous international studies and articles in sci... Top Doctors", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr Akash Sinha, a respected neurosurgeon, is equally devoted to realizing his father\u2019s dream. Anethetist Neha Mathur joins the hospital as an assistant to Akash, and soon... More", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She served as a secular doctor at an African mission hospital during a time when there was an \u201cinsurgency\u201d. Her webpage is Finest Kind Clinic and Fishmarket.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Ms. Yew Seok Huan practices at Advanced TCM Clinic in Dhoby Ghaut, Singapore. She completed Diploma in Chinese Medicine from Chung Hwa Medical Institution in 1984 and Diploma in Acupuncture from Chung Hwa Medical Institution in 1984. Some of the services provided by the her are: Occupational Injuries,Sports Injuries,Nerve, Muscle and Joint Pains,Chronic Back Pains and Spinal Sprains etc.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He has been extensively published in the academic world with more than 30 scientific peer-reviewed papers and contributions to four multi-author books. Outside medicine he is the author of an award winning popular science blog (www.journeybystarlight.com) which has gathered in excess of 600\u2009000 views. This blog was spotted by a book agent and developed into a unique graphic novel popular science book.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She is new to the Texas Neurosurgery team and previously worked in orthopedic spine surgery after completing her training. Amy attended the McCombs School of Business at The University of Texas at Austin and earned a B.B.A. in Finance during her time there. She then went on to attend the School of Allied Health Sciences at Texas Tech University where she completed her Masters in Physician Assistant Studies in 2008. Amy is certified by the National Commission on Certification of Physician Assistants and is a member of the Texas Academy of Physician Assistants as well as the American Academy of Physician Assistants. In her free time Amy enjoys college football, Texas Longhorn sports, being outdoors, and spending time with friends and family. Her hobbies include singing and staying active with running and CrossFit.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He treats sports medicine and other orthopedic injuries, including ankle, foot, hip, wrist, elbow, and shoulder problems that hinder patients\u2019 quality of life.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " His clinical practice focuses on comprehensive treatment of brain tumors and he has a special interest and expertise in treating metastatic brain tumors. He also specializes in minimally invasive brain tumor treatments such as stereotactic radiosurgery and neuroendoscopy.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He is a man alone and full of mystery, appearing in operating rooms to fulfill his tasks, while charging millions for his secret operations. He now is faced with his most difficult task to date and must challenge the limits of medical science... before it's too late! An extraordinary number of intellectual and athletic \"Superhumans\" have the world caught in awe, wonder, and excitement. These \"Superhumans\" far exceed the framework of common sense and possess the ability to outperform all of their rivals... but how did they get this way? Black Jack discovers the truth behind this unusual occurrence... a hideous conspiracy lurking behind this strange genetic phenomenon... and a dark secret that is about to endanger the existence of all mankind. Remastered and in anamorphic widescreen for the first time!", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Her laboratory studies the genetics, biology and therapy of myeloproliferative neoplasms (MPN) using MPN patient samples, mouse models and multiple different laboratory approaches. Dr. Mullally\u2019s MPN research interests include myelofibrosis, the biology of mutant calreticulin (CALR) in MPN, JAK2V617F MPN stem cells, improving the efficacy of JAK2 inhibitors and familial forms of MPN. The overarching goal of the research in her laboratory is to advance the understanding of the biology of MPN and to translate this into improved treatment options for patients dealing with these diseases.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He is currently licensed to practice medicine in Ohio. He is affiliated with Mercy Hospital of Willard, Grady Memorial Hospital, and Riverside Methodist Hospital-Ohio Health.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He is also an associate of the American Academy of Cosmetic Surgeons. Dr. Carlsen has a special interest in cosmetic and reconstructive surgery for the eyes and face.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He is also part of the Dallas Plastic Surgery Institute that is among the top institutes for plastic surgery. He completed his under graduation from the University of Michigan and then went to the medical school in the same university and also part of the prestigious Alpha Omega Alpha Honor Society. He received training for surgery and plastic surgery from the University for around eight years before he went to New York City to receive a fellowship in Aesthetic Surgery.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He practices in Anchorage, Alaska and has the professional credentials of M.D.. The NPI Number for Dr. Arthur Dewey Tilgner is 1316158678 and he holds a License No. AK993 (Alaska).", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " She also is an associate professor of Pediatrics at The Ohio State University College of Medicine. Dr. Craenen received her medical degree from Catholic University, Louvain, Belgium, followed by an internship at Robert Packer Hospital Guthrie Clinic in Sayre, Pennsylvania. She was a pediatric resident at University Ghent, Ghent, Belgium, and Buffalo Childrens Hospital in Buffalo, New York, followed by a fellowship in cardiology at Buffalo Childrens Hospital. Dr. Craenens memberships include the American Medical Association, Central Ohio Pediatric Society, Columbus Medical Association and the Midwest Pediatric Cardiology Society. Her clinical research involves evaluating the possibility of using cerebral oximetry as a guide to increased intracranial pressure.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Faherty is also an assistant professor of pediatrics at the Boston University School of Medicine. Prior to joining RAND, she was a Robert Wood Johnson\u2026", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " She holds a bachelor of science degree from Gannon University in Erie, Pennsylvania, where she attended on a volleyball scholarship. She has been licensed as a physician assistant in Indiana since 1996.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " However, while driving he is seriously injured rendering his hands unusable. Since his life\u2019s work is dependent on his hand, he falls into despair. Research on his injury leads him to a guru who can possibly heal not only his hands but his heart.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He is successfully running his own clinic in Ahmedabad. In addition to this, he provides his services to multiple hospitals in Ahmedabad (Gujarat in India). He is member of Indian Medical Association and various surgical associations. His area of expertise includes laparoscopic and gastro intestinal surgery. Dr. Priyen is associated with setuhealthcare since inception.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He is the author of a number of book chapters, scientific studies, as well as surgical training videos for the orthopedic surgery community. He hopes to bridge the gap between exercise and orthopedic medicine. His perspective can help avid CrossFitters avoid injury and make them aware of potential problems that can develop with poor technique or form. Daniel holds an M.D. from the UC Irvine, completed his residency in Orthopedic Surgery at the University of Southern California, and is currently finishing his fellowship in advanced Shoulder and Elbow Surgery at the renowned Rothman Institute in Philadelphia, PA.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " His specialty focus involves minimally invasive, complex, and image-guided spinal surgery for a variety of degenerative, traumatic and oncologic conditions including cervical myelopathy, cervical and lumbar radiculopathy, spinal stenosis, spinal fractures, spine and spinal cord tumors, adult degenerative scoliosis, and revision spinal surgery.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Sean is an advocate for exceptional kids and enjoys his free time with his lovely wife, Susan, and his three children. When he\u2019s not busy being a dad, surgeon, and author, he can be found running or playing classic rock and roll on his electric guitar.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He completed his Medical School from Saint Joseph University and joined the same hospital as a Resident of Plastic Surgery. Certified by the American Board of Plastic Surgery, he is a member of American Society for Aesthetic Plastic Surgery (ASAPS) and American Society of Plastic Surgeons (ASPS).", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Bartkiw and the CFAO hand therapy team. She received her Bachelor\u2019s of Science in Exercise Science, as well as her Master\u2019s in Physician Assistant studies from Eastern Michigan University. As a Physician Assistant, Kristen assists Dr. Bartkiw both in the operating room and the office to provide safe, patient-centered and evidenced based medicine for all hand conditions. She is a native of Albuquerque, NM and a former Division 1 athlete in gymnastics.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " His practice specialties include disorders of the foot and ankle, fracture care and general orthopedics. Dr. Caronis is currently accepting new patients in his Lincolnshire and Libertyville offices. For more information or for orthopedic questions, he can be reached at drgregcaronis@gmail.com or at AMG Orthopedics (847) 634-1766.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. O'Connell graduated from Weill Cornell Medical College in 1981 and has been in practice for 36 years. He completed a residency at St Vincents Medical Center. He currently practices at Plastic Surgery of Southern CT LLC and is affiliated with Bridgeport Hospital. In addition to English, Dr. O'Connell's practice supports this language: Spanish.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Equipped with a MBBS and DNB degree, Dr. Luthra\u2019s clinic interest lies in interpreting SPEC-CT Scans, Gamma Camera Scans, PET, and PET-CT Scans. She possesses a vast experience in Sestamibi Scanning for Myeloma, Thyroid Scanning, and Myocardial Perfusion Scanning for Coronary Artery Disease. She also provides consultation for Hyp...", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " From Bogota Colombia He earned his medical degree at the University of Rosario and completed his residency in plastic surgery at Rosario \u2013 Saint Joseph Hospital in Bogot\u00e1, Colombia.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Guiboux graduated from the University of Michigan Medical School in 1991. He completed his residency at William Beaumont Hospital in 1996. In 1997, Dr. Guiboux completed a fellowship in hand and upper extremity surgery at Thomas Jefferson University in Philadelphia. Also in 2001, Dr. Guiboux founded Michigan Hand and Wrist, P.C. a comprehensive care center for treatment of upper extremity disorders.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He received his medical degree from NUS Medical School (1987) and obtained his postgraduate degree from the Fellowship of the Royal College of Edinburg (1991). After a satisfying career in General Surgery, Dr John Tan began to pursue his interest in Vein and Arterial Surgery and in 1996 he went for specialized training under Prof Peter Bell of the Royal Leicester Infirmary.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Matthew Sng practices at Advanced Dental Clinic Jurong West Pte Ltd in Jurong, Singapore. He completed BDS from National University of Singapore, Singapore in 2011.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Yost is the on-site physician at Girard Medical Center Orthopedics. He is board certified by the American Board of Orthopedic Surgeons and recognized as a Fellow of the American academy of Orthopedic Surgeons.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He specialises in Hip and knee surgery, and has a particular interest in sports related injuries, hip and knee reconstructive surgery and joint replacement. Dental ,Medical ,surgeon ,surgery, Dr Simon Coffey, NSW ...", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Perry is devoted to providing each and every one of his patients with aesthetically pleasing, natural results. His level of caring and compassion is second-to-none. He spends the time needed with each patient to answer questions about their plastic surgery options and potential results. He has helped many patients obtain a more youthful and vigorous shape and his surgical skills are exemplified by the many referrals he receives from satisfied patients.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Orfanos graduated from Autonomous University of Guadalajara Faculty of Medicine in 1976 and has been in practice for 42 years. He completed a residency at Baylor College of Medicine. Dr. Orfanos also specializes in Vascular Surgery. He currently practices at South Texas Dane Institute and is affiliated with Rio Grande Regional Hospital, Cornerstone Regional Hospital and Edinburg Regional Medical Center. Dr. Orfanos accepts multiple insurance plans including Aetna, Medicare and Humana. Dr. Orfanos also practices at McAllen Surgeons in McAllen, TX. In addition to English, Dr. Orfanos's practice supports this language: Spanish.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " In 1987, he started practicing medicine in the Department of Surgery of Tokyo Women's Medical University (TWMU) and received Ph.D. in Medical Science at TWMU with a research topic: Relationship between colonic diverticulosis and peristalsis. From 2006, he was Senior Lecturer and Division Chief of Department of Gastroenterological Surgery of Yachiyo Medical Center of TWMU. In 2016 he became Chief of Department of Surgery at National Hospital Organization Murayama Medical Center in Tokyo, Japan.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Luke\u2019s Medical Center. He has helped co-author several national guidelines in the area of endocrine surgery and is a well-respected surgeon nationally. In addition to having expertise in the traditional surgical approaches to thyroid, parathyroid, adrenal, and endocrine pancreas diseases, Dr. Grogan is a pioneer of several novel techniques for operating on the thyroid and parathyroid.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He has recently moved to Saudi Arabia and working as a Consultant Trauma Surgeon at King Saud Medical City, Riyadh. Besides his clinical practice, he is pursuing his PhD at UCT and his PhD research focuses on \u201cThe improvement of the current trauma system in Cape Town\u201d. He has built this model after years of experience in \u201cTrauma research, evaluation, teaching and administration both in hospital and academic institutions\u201d. This model will help the hospitals to integrate a progressive trauma service into their organizational structure based on EMON logistics.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " In most cases he is able to offer arthroscopy or other minimally invasive procedures, including hip resurfacing, a bone conserving treatment for arthritis and dysplasia.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He goes unconscious in the crash and wakes up at a monestary in Tibet with one handed gone and the other rendered useless. He meets a sorceror named the Ancient One who explains to him that he sees great potential in Stephen and wishes to mentor him in sorcery because he knows he will eventually die. Baron Karl Mordo, the Ancient One's other pupil, is jealous of Strange.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " After he obtained his M.B.B.S from the National University of Singapore, he embarked on his Basic Surgical (Training in General Surgery at Singapore General Hospital. He was awarded his Membership from the Royal College of Surgeons of Edinburgh as well as Master of Medicine in Surgery in 2004. He then completed his AdvancedSurgical Training at the Department of Plastic, Reconstructive & Aesthetic Surgery, Singapore General Hospital where he was awarded the Gold Medal in Plastic Surgery for being the top candidate in his cohort. Thereafter, he was inducted as a Fellow of the Academy of Medicine Singapore (Plastic Surgery) in 2010.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She believes that taking care of children is not just about practicing medicine, but also creating relationships and collaborations with her families and patients.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " During his long career he has published numerous articles and book chapters, has participated in numerous courses and conferences on national and international level and has been honorary professor at Universidad Autonoma de Madrid, apart from being a member of two committees quality hospitals for 11 years. At present, it serves as a surgeon in several centers in the province of Malaga and is a member of the Spanish Association of Surgeons.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She writes about medicine and the doctor-patient connection for The New York Times, Slate magazine, and other publications. Ofri is co-founder and editor-in-chief of the Bellevue Literary Review, the first literary journal to arise from a medical setting, and the author of a collection of books about the world of medicine.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " As a former team doctor for Duke University and through his own practice, Speer has extensive experience treating both athletes and older patients. Speer was head team physician for all Duke University athletic teams, assistant team physician for the New York Giants, the New York Mets, and St. John's University, and head team physician for the Durham women's professional fast-pitch softball team.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Hunsicker decided to pursue the specialty of plastic surgery in Denver specifically because she is committed to helping those in her care be their most confident and positive selves.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He graduated from Keck School Of Medicine Of The Univ Of Southern California in 1982 and specializes in general surgery. He received two Bachelors of Science Degrees from the University of Southern California prior to receiving his Medical Degree there. He also did his internship and residency at the Los Angeles County, University of Southern California Medical Center and became a Board Certified surgeon in 1988 and is a Fellow of the American College of Surgeons", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He is a plastic surgeon specializing in aesthetic surgery of the face, as well as body contouring after massive weight loss. Dr. Aly pioneered the subspecialty of body contouring after massive weight loss and has either invented or developed most of the currently utilized procedures in this field, including Belt Lipectomy, Body and Upper Body Lift, Tummy Tuck, Arm Reduction (Brachioplasty), Thigh Reduction and Male Breast Reduction.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Dr. Guiboux graduated from the University of Michigan Medical School in 1991. He completed his residency at William Beaumont Hospital in 1996. Dr. Guiboux became Board certified in 1999 then received his Certificate of Added Qualification in Hand Surgery in 2001. Also in 2001, Dr. Guiboux founded Michigan Hand and Wrist, P.C. a comprehensive care center for treatment of upper extremity disorders.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Estwanik graduated from Wake Forest School of Medicine in 1973 and has been in practice for 44 years. He completed a residency at Bowman Gray School of Medicine. Dr. Estwanik also specializes in Sports Medicine. He currently practices at Metrolina Orthopaedic & Sports Medicine and is affiliated with Carolinas Medical Center Mercy. Dr. Estwanik accepts multiple insurance plans including Aetna, Medicare and Cigna. Dr. Estwanik also practices at Metrolina Orthpdc/Sprts Medcn. in Cornelius, NC. In addition to English, Dr. Estwanik's practice supports this language: Spanish.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Tacus is the medical director at iar sa Argentina Hospital and Health Care, and co-director of Education Center Graduate Medical Surgery, orthopedics and Trauma (CECOA) in Buenos Aires. He is a founding member of the Argentina Association of Arthroscopy and past secretary of the Argentina Association of Arthroscopy", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She is also certified by the National Commission on Certification of Physician Assistants. She graduated from Wichita State University\u2019s PA program in 2005, and also has a bachelor\u2019s degree in Biology. She enjoys getting to know their patients and helping them stay healthy through all stages of life. In her spare time she enjoys spending time with her family and searching garage sales for good bargains.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He is board certified by the American Board of Orthopaedic Surgery. Dr. Kanlic's expertise includes orthopedic trauma and taking care of all injuries of the extremities with special interest in hip, acetabulum and pelvis fractures. He also has expertise in dealing with adult reconstruction problems including joint replacement of the hips and knees. Dr. Kanlic received his medical degree from the University of Belgrade, formerly Yugoslavia. He completed his residency from the University of Sarajevo, Bosnia and Herzegovina. Dr. Kanlic also completed fellowships in orthopedic trauma and joint reconstruction surgery in Germany, Austria, England and the USA with special intr3est and expertise in minimally invasive and computer navigation surgery.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He is an attending physician at St. Francis Hospital, Medical Director of the Spine Institute of Connecticut, and an Assistant Clinical Professor at the University of Connecticut School of Medicine.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He is a world renowned plastic surgeon and is a member of the Board of Directors of the American Society of Plastic Surgeons. He is also a Past President of the Plastic Surgery Educational Foundation of the United States.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Ms. Swihart's experience includes high-level management and leadership positions in large hospital systems and physician networks. Based on her recognized expertise and years of experience, Ms. Swihart helps health care organizations in multiple areas of operations and strategic planning.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " In November 2008, Dr. Alexander had a profound life-changing near-death experience. He wrote about it in the number one bestseller \u2018Proof of Heaven\u2019. Dr. Raymond Moody is the leading authority on the \u201cnear-death experience\u201d \u2013 a phrase he coined in the late seventies. The New York Times calls him \u201cthe father of the near-death experience.\u201d In a new groundbreaking film made by David Hinshaw, Conversations with Raymond Moody and Eben Alexander, Dr. Moody and Dr. Alexander discuss Dr. Alexander\u2019s beyond death experience and the issues surrounding the near death experience. For example, Dr. Alexander candidly talks about his experience of being clinically dead for a week which is unlike any other near death experience ever detailed. After hearing about Dr. Alexander\u2019s near death experience, Raymond Moody said:", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He has won many people over with his friendly and level-headed approach to politics, and his desire for a smaller government. Wanting to eliminate Obamacare didn't hurt his status either.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " This specialty came into being in 1964, when Dr. Charles Dotter successfully dilated a blocked artery in the leg of a woman who had refused amputation and saved her life. Interventional Radiologists are at the forefront of medical advancement where medicine and technology intersect.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Dr. Kim graduated from University of California Davis School of Medicine in 2003 and has been in practice for 15 years. He completed a residency at Uc San Diego Medical Center. Dr. Kim accepts multiple insurance plans including Aetna, MVP Health Plan and Medicare. Dr. Kim also practices at Stony Brook University Cancer Center Oncology in Stony Brook, NY.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She received her undergraduate degree in Biomedical Science from Saint Cloud State University. Tara graduated magna cum laude from the honor's program. She completed her master's degree in Physician Assistant Studies at Augsburg College. Tara is a native of Minnesota but has spent time living in Northern England and Southern California.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " She practices in Almont, Michigan and has the professional credentials of M.D.. The NPI Number for Dr. Carla A Cook is 1346249711 and she holds a License No. 4301025560 (Michigan).", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Dr. Conway has traveled the world learning about cutting-edge equipment and state-of-the-art techniques in orthopedic surgery. Dr. Conway is continually training to make sure his patients have the very best and newest methods of care to ensure each procedure has the highest chance of success.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Condon graduated from New York Medical College in 1994 and has been in practice for 24 years. He currently practices at Eastern and Western Medical Center PC and is affiliated with Southern New Hampshire Medical Center. Dr. Condon accepts multiple insurance plans including Aetna, Harvard Pilgrim and Tufts Health Plan.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Previously, Medlock served as Chief of Neurosurgery at North Shore Medical Center and Director of Pediatric Neurosurgery at Georgetown University Medical Center in Washington, D.C. Medlock is the President of the Massachusetts Association of Neurosurgeons and is a member of an Opioid Therapy and Physician Communication task force through the Massachusetts Medical Society. He received his M.D. from the University of Florida College of Medicine in 1984 and his bachelor degree from the University of Notre Dame in 1979.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He also performs cervical spine surgery including disc replacement, invasive spine surgery, and adult deformity.Presently Dr. Greg Finch works for the Sunshine Coast Hospital and Health Service as an orthopedic spine surgeon.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He received his medical degree from Saint Louis University School of Medicine and served his orthopedic surgery residency at Saint Louis University Hospital. Dr. Mudd completed additional subspecialized fellowship training in adult reconstruction surgery at the prestigious Cleveland Clinic Foundation. He practices at Metropolitan Orthopedics, Ltd. located on the campus of Missouri Baptist Medical Center.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " His attention to detail and extensive experience help him to craft head-turning aesthetic results for patients in Saugus and the surrounding Santa Clarita area. He employs sophisticated, minimally invasive techniques to achieve exquisite results and fast recovery times.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " His patients and consultations include Albert Pujols, Drew Brees, Brett Favre, Roger Clemens, John Smoltz, Charles Barkley, Jack Nicklaus, Hope Solo, Bo Jackson, Troy Aikman, Emmitt Smith, and both Manning brothers. Sports Illustrated recently named him as one of the top forty most influential people in the NFL. He is the team doctor for Auburn University, the University of Alabama, the Washington Redskins, and the Tampa Bay Rays. He is a founder of the American Sports Medicine Institute (ASMI) in Birmingham, Alabama, and the Andrews Research and Education Institute in Gulf Breeze, Florida.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " While Dr. Dayan was in school for medicine, he would also take night classes learning sculpture. His experience in replicating the face from an artistic perspective truly has helped him master the symmetry and balance of features that are key in transforming a face. Dr. Dayan's methods take into account both artistic principles and principles of beauty found in nature.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She is a 2007 graduate of Trevecca Nazarene University in Nashville and received her undergraduate degree in 2005 from the University of Tennessee-Knoxville. Leslie chose a career in healthcare because of her fascination with the intricate details of the human body, as well as her passion to serve others. She strives to help patients live a healthy, fulfilling life. Her true love is skin checks to screen for skin cancer and moles. She sees adults, children and infants. She is a Knoxville native and enjoys hiking, boating, traveling, church activities, and cooking. Leslie and her husband have two active sons.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Honored as one of American\u2019s Best Neurosurgeons for 8 consecutive years in America\u2019s Best Doctors, he has published over 250 scientific papers, 4 books and 45 book chapters. He also sits on the editorial board of 2 medical journals. His research has focused on the prevention and treatment of injuries and diseases of the brain and spine. He currently serves as Medical Advisor for Nordic Naturals.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " John\u2019s Medical College and Hospital, Bangalore (2009-2011). Since 2010, he has co-invented and developed numerous affordable medical devices addressing the unmet needs in the Indian health-care system, many of which have been taken over by indigenous companies or been developed and commercialized by startups. Dr. Chaturvedi is currently director of clinical innovations and partnerships at InnAccel Acceleration Services. He was a Stanford-India Biodesign (SIB) Fellow in 2012 and holds an MBA in entrepreneurship and hospital management (NIBM, 2013). He continues his clinical career by running his private evening ENT clinic in Bangalore.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " In this video clip, she talks about how it is diagnosed and treated--and how past treatment options actually made the condition worse. For more information, visit www.plasminogen.com", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He received his medical degree from Columbia University College of Physicians & Surgeons and has been in practice for more than 30 years. Dr. Johnson accepts several types of health insurance, listed below. He is one of 13 doctors at Lowell General Hospital who specialize in Orthopedic Surgery.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. EL is an expecting mother, who sees patients in her private practice, Shalva Clinic, in Westport, CT. She also serves as adjunct clinical and academic faculty in the Naturopathic Program at the University of Bridgeport.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Dr. Oliver graduated from Chicago Medical School at Rosalind Franklin University of Medicine & Science in 1984 and has been in practice for 34 years. He completed a residency at University of Illinois Metropolitan Group Hospitals. He currently practices at Silver Oak Medical Group and is affiliated with Adventist Health Sonora Regional Medical Center and Sutter Amador Hospital. Dr. Oliver accepts multiple insurance plans including Aetna, Medicare and Cigna. Dr. Oliver also practices at Angels Camp Family Medical Center in Angels Camp, CA.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Anderson focuses on \u201cshort stay?? hip and knee surgeries. The website specially designed for his patients provides comprehensive information on orthopedic conditions & treatments treated by the doctor. In addition to this, the site provides information on Oxford knee replacement procedure, appointments, driving directions, contact details and much more.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She works and consults with Dr. Jackson and also sees patients independently to gather medical histories, conduct physical exams, review X-rays, MRIs and CT scans, evaluate and help form treatment plans, assist in surgery and with surgical procedures, order and review diagnostic labs and tests, as well perform other medical duties.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " With a thriving art scene two major sports teams and nicely maintained parks the city has something for just about everyone. green coffee beans weight loss. Nose surgery (rhinoplasty) Mr. Plastic surgery tourism in Colombia: an increasing trend.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He needed to establish his own look, different from the overwhelming Bay Area choices of surgeon. He wanted to focus on natural beauty, so here is a \"young\" leaf to show those attributes. Click on the business card below to see the full deal.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He offers advanced arthroscopic techniques, joint replacement, resurfacing procedures and complex upper-extremity fracture care. He strives to provide personalized orthopedic treatment for his patients using the most effective and innovative techniques.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She obtained her degrees from the University of Toronto and McMaster University. Dr. Khan is deeply involved in the GTA Muslim community and volunteers with a number of organizations.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Throughout his medical career, Finch has conducted surgical procedures such as spinal fusion, lumbar spinal surgery, cervical spinal surgery, and anterior spinal fusion. These processes apply to patients with arthritis, cervical radiculopathy, ruptured disk, and lumbar radiculopathy.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Tadduni graduated from Albert Einstein College of Medicine Yeshiva University in 1982 and has been in practice for 36 years. He completed a residency at University of Pennsylvania Health System. Dr. Tadduni also specializes in Hand Surgery. He currently practices at Liberty Orthopaedics and is affiliated with Taylor Hospital. Dr. Tadduni accepts multiple insurance plans including Aetna, Medicare and Capital Blue Cross. In addition to English, Dr. Tadduni's practice supports this language: Spanish.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She has more than 7 years experience in the field of General Surgery. Dr. Sapna general surgeon completed her MBBS from the Kempegowda Institute of Medical Sciences (KIMS), Bangalore in 2005. Thereafter, she completed her MS \u2013 General Surgery from B M Patil Medical College Bilaspur in 2011.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Wilson graduated from University of New Mexico School of Medicine in 1982 and has been in practice for 35 years. He completed a residency at United States Army Medical Center. He currently practices at Center for Orthopaedic Surgery and is affiliated with Lubbock Heart Hospital. Dr. Wilson accepts multiple insurance plans including Aetna, Medicare and Humana. In addition to English, Dr. Wilson's practice supports this language: Spanish.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " His childhood best friend, Thalia, suffered from severe facial disfigurement after being attacked by a dog and undergoing a botched surgery. This motivated Markos to become a surgeon and work in various developing countries, including Afghanistan.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He has written several books, including his most recent textbook, \u201cRevision ACL Reconstruction: Indications and Technique,\u201d as well as a book geared toward consumers called \u201cThe ACL Solution: Prevention and Recovery for Sports\u2019 Most Devastating Knee Injury.\u201d", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He received his medical degree from Johns Hopkins University School of Medicine and completed his orthopedic residency at Massachusetts General Hospital in the Harvard Orthopedic Program.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " His practice focuses on both surgical and non-surgical treatments of sport-related injuries and degenerative disorders of the shoulder, knee, and hip. Dr. Padalecki is one of the few orthopedic surgeons who have [...]", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Sierra is trained as both an eye surgeon and cosmetic & reconstructive ophthalmic plastic surgeon. His areas of expertise include blepharoplasty \u201ceyelifts\u201d or cosmetic eyelid surgery for baggy, puffy eyelids, minimally invasive endoscopic brow and forehead surgery to lift troublesome areas and eyelid surgery to correct ptosis or droopy eyelids or eyelids that unnaturally turn inward with entropion or outward with ectropion.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He has been recognized as one of America\u2019s Top Orthopedic Surgeons and a World Leading Physician (International Association of Orthopedic Surgeons.) Dr. Stevens has found optimal nutrition \u2013 particularly the 13 vitamins known to promote tissue healing \u2013 dramatically speeds surgical patients\u2019 recovery. His flavored Rapid Recovery mix of these vitamins offers convenience and better absorption.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He renders the most comprehensive care for all knee, shoulder and hip conditions. He also specializes in sports medicine. Dr. Rajan uses the latest medical technology with the state of the art medical facility to provide his patient the best possible outcome. Click on the below mentioned tabs to know more about the services.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Together with his team at Aesthetic Plastic Surgery, Dr. Daniel has helped women and men improve their appearance with his personalized approach to cosmetic surgery.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She received an undergraduate degree in International Relations from Claremont McKenna College in 2004 and a Master\u2019s degree in Health Sciences and Physician Assistant certification in 2014 from George Washington University in Washington, DC. She is a member of the American Academy of Physician Assistants. Prior to relocating to New Orleans, she worked in primary care in Maryland. Her clinical interests include preventative health and wellness for teens and adults, women\u2019s healthcare, and diabetes care and education.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " While maintaining a continuous clinical career, she has held roles in management and medical regulation, and been involved in health systems research.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Ms. Yeo Tin Song practices at Sian Choy Medical Institution (Whampoa) \u5584\u6d4e\u533b\u793e in Boon Keng, Singapore. She completed Diploma in TCM from Institute of Chinese Medical Studies, Singapore in 2011. She is a member of Traditional Chinese Medicine Practitioners Board. Some of the services provided by the her are: TCM Massage and Back Pain Physiotherapy etc.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " She consults with HMA clients nationwide and supports strategic planning and incubator projects for the Healthcare Transformation Institute. Her combination of clinical and operational expertise inspires trust and confidence. She is known for her ability to convene, engage and build consensus among diverse stakeholders, spot inefficiencies, overcome barriers and maximize revenue while maintaining focus on the quality of patient care.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He is chief of surgery at Children's Hospital Los Angeles and Vice Dean for Medical Education at the Keck School of Medicine of the University of Southern California. Following the 2010 Haiti earthquake, Ford returned to Haiti to provide medical assistance to earthquake victims.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He received his medical degree from Uniformed Services University of the Health Sciences and has been in practice between 6-10 years. Dr. Pickett does not have.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She practices in Anchorage, Alaska and has the professional credentials of DO. The NPI Number for Lynne Mary Mccormick is 1194779983 and she holds a License No. 5599 (Alaska).", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Dr. Bieselin graduated from Albert Einstein College of Medicine Yeshiva University in 1976 and has been in practice for 41 years. He completed a residency at Kaiser Permanente Medical Center. He currently practices at Laurence J Mazzotta MD and is affiliated with Sutter Solano Medical Center. Dr. Bieselin accepts multiple insurance plans including Aetna, Medicare and Cigna.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Patty focuses on Energy and Stress & Conflict management in Leadership as well as on Communication strategy. She is an IPEC Certified Coach, an ELI Master Practitioner ( Energy Leadership Index), Member of the International Coach Federation, and trained as executive leadership coach and facilitator in the WLF program at the Harvard Business School.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Michael\u2019s Hospital Academic Family Health Team and Scientist with the Li Ka Shing Knowledge Institute of St. Michael\u2019s Hospital. She is an Assistant Professor and Clinician Scientist at the University of Toronto in the Department of Family & Community Medicine and an Adjunct Scientist at the Institute for Clinical Evaluative Sciences. She currently holds a CIHR New Investigator Award. Her research interests include cancer screening, immigrant health and health equity, using a broad range of methods.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " His practice, Performance Orthopedics, is located in Bingham Farms. Guettler is active in teaching and research at both Beaumont Hospital and the OUWB Medical School and he also serves as head team physician for Oakland University athletics.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr Chan specialises in the management of adult and child fractures and trauma, general orthopaedic injuries, sports injuries of the ligament and meniscus, and degenerative spine conditions including prolapsed intervertebral discs (slipped discs). In his free time, he enjoys singing Karaoke.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He is currently serving as the John and Ann Doerr Medical Director of the Stanford Cancer Center, a position he has held since July 2015. He works collaboratively with the Stanford Cancer Institute and Stanford Health Care leaders to set the strategy for the clinical delivery of cancer care across Stanford Medicine and growing cancer networks.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He specializes in facial plastic and reconstructive surgery. Dr. Marcus performs rhinoplasty, facelifts, eyelid surgery, reconstruction of congenital deformities, and reconstruction after Mohs surgery. He is also an expert in a wide variety of ENT services, particularly in sinus and nasal problems.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Bassett graduated from University of Cincinnati College of Medicine in 1978 and has been in practice for 39 years. He completed a residency at Mayo Clinic and Medical School. He currently practices at Rio Grand Orthopedic Center and is affiliated with Harlingen Medical Center and Valley Baptist Medical Center Harlingen. Dr. Bassett accepts multiple insurance plans including Aetna, Medicare and Humana. Dr. Bassett also practices at Valley Baptist Medical Center in Harlingen, TX. In addition to English, Dr. Bassett's practice supports this language: Spanish.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Specialist Family and Community Medicine and Traumatology and Orthopaedic Surgery, has worked at the University Hospital Reina Sof\u00eda and currently serves on the San Juan de Dios Hospital in C\u00f3rdoba. During his long career, he has combined his work as an orthopedic surgeon with teaching at the Faculty of Medicine of C\u00f3rdoba, as well as the graduate of the University Hospital Reina Sofia. ... Top Doctors", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She specializes in treating women and children with the least invasive, non-toxic therapies available, with a special emphasis on prevention. For more information on naturopathic medicine, visit her website www.naturedr.com", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He is a Fellow of Royal Australasian College of Surgeons and Certified Independent Medical Examiner from American Board of Independent Medical Examiners...", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Fathi Abuzgaya is currently working at Abuzgaya F Dr which is located at 601 Harwood Avenue South, Ajax, ON, L1S 3M1. He provides treatment of disorders affecting the bones (skeletal system) and surrounding muscles, joints and ligaments including sports injuries. With over 25 positive [\u2026]", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr Hajj-Ali is an Associate Professor at the Cleveland Lerner College of Medicine of Case Western Reserve University and has a joint appointment with the Department of Cell Biology at the Lerner Research Institute. She has been on staff in that department at the Cleveland Clinic since 2002. She is board-certified in internal medicine and Rheumatology.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Dr. Naim has successfully performed more than 2,000 weight loss procedures using the latest equipment to ensure the best possible patient outcomes. He has dedicated his career to helping patients achieve their weight loss goals and manage obesity-related health complications, including:", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He earned his Masters of Physician Assistant Practice (MPAP) from the Keck School of Medicine of the University of Southern California in Los Angeles. In addition to English, David speaks Spanish.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Researching the Nobel Laureates has been a hobby for him for the last 30 years. Besides being a neurosurgeon, he is a Ph.D. in Sanskrit Literature and a prolific writer. He was also awarded a honorary doctorate by the World University of Tucson, Arizona.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She has an ardent interest in researching about various skin care products and has review many popular products from brand names like Clayton Shagal, NeoCutis, Obagi and iS Clinical", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He is an expert in knee, shoulder, and hip fractures, as well as trauma injuries. As an orthopedic surgeon who specializes in sports medicine, Dr. Leotta diagnoses and treats conditions of the musculoskeletal system, which includes the bones, muscles, joints, ligaments, tendons, and nerves. He provides medical and surgical treatment of sports-related injuries, including joint instabilities and dislocations, fractures, and ligament tears.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He is a fellow of the Scoliosis Research Society and member of the North American Spine Society. Throughout his career, Dr. Schwender has published several articles in scientific journals and presented exhibits at national conferences.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Her background in primary care medicine gives her the ability to communicate with and educate her patients in a manner not commonly seen in physicians of other specialties. Dr. Gertzman prides herself on her knowledge and training in the procedures she performs. She offers complimentary consultations to all patients so that she can listen to their desired goals and formulate a personalized treatment plan for those goals to be reached.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Ed Helms (The Hangover) plays Peter Reynolds perfectly while Owen Wilson (Midnight in Paris, The Internship) plays the blonde Hawaiian Kyle Reynolds who supposedly made his fortune off a BBQ sauce recipe and is now chilling back living off the imagined royalties.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She practices in Apo, Armed Forces Europe and has the professional credentials of D.O.. The NPI Number for Dr. Johanna Marie Brueckner is 1164530507 and she holds a License No. K2189 (Texas).", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " She graduated from Ferris State University with a Bachelor of Science degree in nursing, and then earned a Master of Science degree in physician assistant studies at Wayne State University.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He earned a bachelor\u2019s degree at East Tennessee State University and received his medical degree at East Tennessee State University Quillen College of Medicine.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She holds a Bachelor of Science in Genetics from University College London and a Doctor of Medicine Degree from University of Oklahoma. Her true passion is cardiovascular health and helping her patients with disease prevention and management. She is a graduate of the Bale/Doneen Method for heart attack and stroke prevention, and utilizes her family medicine training on a daily basis to look for markers of disease. By taking care of the whole person, she is in a position to look at the past (family history), the present (patient\u2019s medical history), and the future (cutting edge, evidence-based testing and imaging).", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He spends 40% of his time in clinical practice at the Memphis Veterans Administration Hospital and 60% in research and administrating the joint program on the UT-campus. Dr. Mihalko is very active in leadership positions in the American Academy of Orthopaedic Surgeons and ASTM International, where he serves as an officer for F04 3800 (computer assisted surgical systems) and as the User-vice-chair for F04 medical devices.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He is accomplished in both minimally invasive spinal surgery and open complex spine surgery, having had formal training in both orthopedic and neurosurgical spine surgery. (Read more about Dr. Baaj.)", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He believes that when common sense is applied by patients and correct surgical assessments are made by doctors, surgery with a laser produces immediate and tangible benefits to vision.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " In practice since 1997, Dr. Dellinger has performed thousands of cosmetic, plastic and reconstructive procedures. In 2001, he was recognized for his achievements by being named a Fellow of the American College of Osteopathic Surgeons. In the area of Cosmetic Procedures, Dr. Dellinger focuses on areas of breast surgery, liposuction, body contouring and facial rejuvenation. Dr. Dellinger also performs a wide variety of reconstructive procedures with a personal interest in breast reconstructive surgery", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Most recently, he offered a presentation to the U.S. Trotting Association about concussion treatment and rehabilitation. According to the U.S. Consumer Product", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Lach graduated from Indiana University School of Medicine in 1975 and has been in practice for 41 years. He completed a residency at Jewish Hospital. He currently practices at The University of Toledo Medical Center and is affiliated with The University of Toledo Medical Center. Dr. Lach accepts multiple insurance plans including Aetna, Blue Cross Blue Shield of Michigan and Medical Mutual of Ohio. In addition to English, Dr. Lach's practice supports these languages: German, Arabic, Vietnamese, Polish, Spanish and French.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He focuses on the treatment of complex disorders of the blood vessels of the brain and spine; including brain aneurysms, arteriovenous malformations (AVMs), dural arteriovenous fistulae (dAVF), cavernous malformations, ischemic and hemorrhagic stroke, and atherosclerotic disease of the carotid arteries and intracranial vasculature. He is trained in both open surgical and endovascular treatments allowing him to provide the full range of care to patients with these challenging problems. Dr. Waldron also has broad experience in the treatment of tumors of the brain and spine using advanced neurophysiological mapping and skullbase techniques. He uses radiosurgery as a primary and adjunctive treatment for tumors, AVMs, and dAVFs. In addition, Dr. Waldron maintains a significant practice focused on disorders of the cervical, thoracic, and lumbar spine.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Dickerman graduated from Albany Medical College in 1971 and has been in practice for 47 years. He completed a residency at University of Michigan Health System. He currently practices at The Liver Institute at Methodist Dallas and is affiliated with Methodist Dallas Medical Center. Dr. Dickerman accepts multiple insurance plans including Aetna, Medicare and Humana. In addition to English, Dr. Dickerman's practice supports this language: Spanish.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She addresses all childhood mental health issues. She has a very personable style and spends time listening to her clients. She works with parents and families in order to find the best solution for what might be going on in the child's life. She also has experience working with childhood trauma and abuse.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He is certified by the American Board of Surgeons. A graduate in biochemistry from Rutgers University in New Jersey, he obtained a PhD in biochemistry and genetics and subsequently his medical degree from th...", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Based in the Shenandoah Valley of Virginia, she writes fiction and non-fiction during naptime and in the pre-dawn hours. Her stories can be found in the regional magazine Shenandoah Living, and on her blog TheMomWhoRuns.com. At Fault is her first fiction publication with Gold Fever Press.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " She is married to Dr. Jack Wolfson, a cardiologist who embraced a holistic lifestyle and medical practice after meeting Dr. Heather. She is an incredible mom who home-birthed her two sons, Noah and Brody. Together, The Drs. Wolfson\u2026", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Dr. Fardon received the David Selby Award for his contributions to spine care, including the NASS clinical guidelines formation. During his career, Dr. Fardon has authored spine textbook chapters and published three books for the general public on spine care. He previously practiced with Southeastern Orthopaedics.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She does specialist work in addiction medicine at the Royal Columbian Hospital. In addition, Karen is a Clinical Assistant Professor at the University of British Columbia, serving as the Vancouver-Fraser faculty for Behavioral Medicine in the Department of Family Medicine at UBC.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Dr. Michael Acurio based in Louisiana and has helped countless patients through his practice. Dr. Acurio\u2019s son, Jacob, is a survivor of a neuroblastoma who was treated at St. Jude\u2019s Hospital. As such, Dr. Acurio is active in...", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Divot\". He earned his medical degree from Columbia University and served his residency in orthopedic surgery at the Hospital for Joint Diseases in New York City.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He is a part of the gastrointestinal and pancreatic cancer teams. Dr. Clary has extensive experience in performing surgeries associated with cancers of the liver, pancreas, gallbladder, and bile ducts. He is nationally recognized for excellent outcomes following these complex procedures.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She practices in Anchorage, Alaska and has the professional credentials of MD. The NPI Number for Marjorie Smith is 1083683239 and she holds a License No. 2214 (Alaska).", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He has served on the faculties of both theUniversityofWashingtonand theUniversityofTennessee, and in 1992 was recruited by the prestigiousSwedishMedicalCenterto develop a neuroscience institute.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Her clinic, Arizona Integrative Medical Solutions, is located in Tempe, Arizona, where she sees patients of all ages and genders for acute and chronic conditions. An expert on prediabetes and diabetes, she is a frequent lecturer at conferences and webinars, and is the founder and executive director of The Low Carb Diabetes Association. Dr. Morstein is also a member of the Arizona Diabetes Coalition. Visit her website lowcarbdiabetes.org", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " With diet being especially foundational to Dr. Adiro, she believes if the diet is not in order and supportive to the body then most other therapies that are tried will not work towards healing.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Laskin said the concept of smaller knee implants is not anything new. He said other companies have devised smaller knees after they studied the X-rays and MRIs of both men and women.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Hubert received her bachelor's degree in molecular and cellular biology with an emphasis on neurobiology from the University of California, Berkeley. She completed her medical.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Dr. Sparks served as an assistant team physician for the Tampa Bay Buccaneers, University of Miami and FIU. Prior to becoming an orthopedic surgeon, Dr. Sparks was an All-American and professional soccer player. His areas of expertise include:", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She is Board Certified, and has received specialized board certification in surgery. Stacy is a world class body builder and the oldest daughter of Ernest Hemple's 10 children.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " After completing his surgical training at that Hospital, he extended his experience in the United Kingdom where he trained in Colorectal Surgery at St Mark's Hospital, London. In 2001, he returned to the Hospital as the Sir Alan Parks Visiting Professor. He has been Chairman of the Section of Colon and Rectal Surgery of the Royal Australasian College of Surgeons and is a Past President of the Colorectal Surgical Society of Australasia. He is also an Honorary Member of the American Society of Colon and Rectal Surgeons and the Association of Coloproctology of Great Britain and Ireland. He has been a pioneer in the development of laparoscopic colorectal surgery and has published and presented on many aspects of colorectal disease.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " When a car accident permanently damages his hands, he seeks to find a way to regain the use of his hands by any way possible. Finally at the end of his rope, he finds a magical new world in Kamar-Taj in Nepal. With the teachings of the Ancient One, Dr. Strange learns the mystical arts and must save the universe from a Dark entity who longs to take over Earth.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He is known across China and South Korea as one of the best in the business. His ex-wife Kim Min Seo is his business partner. Together, they run a cosmetic surgery clinic. They market their cosmetic surgery as a life necessity. They feed off greed, insecurity and even the emotional instability of their patients. Can the dynamic duo convince the ducklings they are unattractive and need to be made into swans, or is the business of beauty just really, really ugly?", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " When medically appropriate, he offers knee arthroscopy and other minimally invasive surgical techniques, which help minimize complications and reduce patient recovery times.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Bade founded Professional Orthopaedic Associates in 1985. After completing his bachelor of science at The Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, Dr. Bade earned his medical degree from Jefferson Medical College at Thomas Jefferson University in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. He then completed both his internship and general surgery residency training at St. Luke\u2019s-Roosevelt Hospital Center in New York, New York. After completing his residency, Dr. Bade underwent advanced fellowship training in shoulder and hand surgery at the Hospital of Special Surgery in New York, New York, and a visiting fellowship in hand surgery at St. Luke\u2019s-Roosevelt Hospital Center in New York, New York. Dr. Bade is certified by the American Board of Orthopaedic Surgery.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Before coming to the Office of the National Coordinator for Health IT, she was the New Orleans Health Commissioner and New Orleans Mayor Mitchell Landrieu\u2019s Senior Health Policy Advisor.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " In addition to his background in general orthopedics, orthopedic sports medicine, and orthopedic trauma, Dr. Weiss loves working with children and has developed expertise in treating pediatric orthopedic trauma, including the operative and non-operative management of broken bones and other injuries. He has written many articles on laser surgery and the MRI evaluation of articular cartilage and has lectured extensively on the evaluation and management of sports related injuries.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He is an active member of a number of over five professional plastic surgery societies, as well as the Clinical Assistant Professor at the University of Vermont, School of Medicine. Throughout his career, Dr. Hayn has found satisfaction in offering his patients the best cosmetic surgery care and the ability to correct imperfections throughout their body to boost self-confidence and self-esteem. Dr. Hayn specializes in body contouring and breast reconstruction procedures.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Sebastian takes on the appearance of a tall, handsome adult with black hair, casino marxloh trucchi slot much more, and pale trucchi slot much more. He typically dresses in a butler's outfit, which consists of black trousers, a.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He is the professor of plastic surgery at the Perelman School of Medicine at The University of Pennsylvania. He is also the current president of the International Society of Craniofacial Surgery. Dr. Bartlett specializes in facial palsy, mohs reconstruction and craniomaxillofacial surgery. His innovative research has changed the field of pediatric plastic surgery. His current research includes using 3-D imaging measurement techniques to define deformities associated with synostosis and hemifacial microsomia. He is also developing novel forms of single suture synostosis. Dr. Bartlett currently holds patents on novel soft tissue implants and methods of draining and filling soft tissue implants.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She is also Assistant Professor of Medicine at Cleveland Clinic\u2019s Lerner College of Medicine. She is certified by the American Board of Internal Medicine. She completed a fellowship in endocrinology, diabetes and metabolism at the VA Greater Los Angeles Healthcare System/University of California Los Angeles (UCLA) and a postgraduate research fellowship in diabetes at the University of Texas Health Science Center at San Antonio, San Antonio, Tex. Her research interests include insulin resistance and the metabolic syndrome, and metabolic effects of bariatric surgery. She is a recipient of a research grant from the American Diabetes Association and the National Institute of Health, and one of the overseeing physicians on the recent STAMPEDE II study which looked at the effect of bariatric surgery in curbing type 2 diabetes.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " As a physician assistant, Catherine has special interest in adolescent gynecology. Her philosophy of care is to provide competent women\u2019s health care with an emphasis on caring and education. In her spare time, Catherine is a junior cheerleading coach and enjoys spending time with her husband and four children.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Since 2003, Dr. Anderson dedicated his practice solely to the treatment of hair loss. He founded the Anderson Center for Hair to help thousands of patients who are suffering from alopecia.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She serves as Medical Director for Crown City Medical Group. In addition, Dr. Tyson provides clinical instruction for the University of Southern California P.A. Program. Michelle is a graduate of Johns Hopkins University, Columbia University and The University of Southern California Keck School of Medicine.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " She has a passion for Christ and dedicates her free time to train and encourage the younger generation to study the Scriptures. She is a writer, a blogger and a songwriter. She is married and a mom of a little miracle baby. To know more about Rob and Bintou Peterson ministry, check this link.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " She started her career practicing in the lower Hudson Valley region before joining Hudson Dermatology in fall 2017. Ms. Raftopol sees patients of all ages for a wide range of conditions, including rashes and acne, and also performs skin cancer screenings.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He is down on his luck. Discharged from the army with a limp and a story hiding in a locked chest, Sumner is also an orphan who was adopted and trained by the local doctor turned alcoholic. To top it all, Sumner is now addicted to Laudanum.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She practices in Burlington, Vermont and has the professional credentials of MD. The NPI Number for Dr. Sarah Hussain is 1669588265 and she holds a License No. 042-0010506 (Vermont).", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Dr. Kiell has performed more than 10,000 complex vascular surgeries during his career. He has expertise in minimally invasive endovascular surgery for the management of aortic aneurysms (including treatment for thoracic aortic aneurysms), lower extremity peripheral arterial disease, carotid disease and venous disease (endovenous laser and radiofrequency ablation). He also specializes in open surgical interventions for stroke prevention (carotid endarterectomy), aortic aneurysms, limb salvage and dialysis access.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He is a renowned leader in cosmetic surgery and patient safety, and specializes in procedures including breast augmentation, tummy tuck, mommy makeover, facial rejuvenation, and body lifting procedures after weight loss.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " While she began her career as an independent practitioner, and has belonged to a multi-specialty group, an independent orthopedic group, and she is now employed by a hospital system.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Hart graduated from the University of Wisconsin-Madison Physician Assistant program and earned a Master of Science in preventive medicine from Finch University of Health Science Chicago School of Medicine. She has practiced internal medicine for more than 30 years, in the Bozeman area since 1997 and at Bozeman Health since 2002.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " She practices in Apo, Armed Forces Europe and has the professional credentials of D.O., PHARMD. The NPI Number for Dr. Theresa Marie Haslett is 1225105471 and she holds a License No. DOS813 (Hawaii).", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Dr. Nowicki graduated from Loyola University Chicago Stritch School of Medicine in 2004 and has been in practice for 12 years. Dr. Nowicki also specializes in Pediatric Surgery. He currently practices at Helen Devos Pediatric Pulmonary & Sleep Medicine and is affiliated with Mary Free Bed Rehabilitation Hospital. Dr. Nowicki accepts multiple insurance plans including Aetna, Blue Cross Blue Shield of Michigan and Medicare. Dr. Nowicki also practices at Northwestern Michigan Dermatology in Traverse City, MI. In addition to English, Dr. Nowicki's practice supports this language: Spanish.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He has extensive experience in the minimally invasive approach to treatments of tumors, vascular lesions, and degenerative conditions. This includes disk herniation, spinal stenosis and compression. Dr. D. Kyle Kim has special interests in vascular compression lesions of the brain including trigeminal neuralgia. He has specialized training and experience in microsurgical techniques applied to conditions involving the brain or spine.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " This doctor is based in Dallas, and he works at the prestigious Dallas Plastic Surgery Institute. Rodney has had a very profitable career life, and he has changed the lives of many people in the community. His expertise and skills in cosmetic surgery had earned him respect from all people. Thanks to his numerous accomplishments, the doctor organizes and coordinates many symposiums in the medical field. Rohrich has very busy schedules because he has to work hard and make his patients\u2019 look and feel better.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " His primary focus is on plastic and reconstructive surgery with a special interest in melanoma and other skin cancer surgery as well as breast and facial reconstruction.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He is assistant professor of surgery at the University of Oklahoma School of Community Medicine. He also directs the vascular surgery fellowship program there.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She practices in Juneau, Alaska and has the professional credentials of DPT. The NPI Number for Abigail Ogilbee is 1457756934 and she holds a License No. 2700 (Alaska).", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Dr. Grzeskiewicz graduated from University of Virginia School of Medicine in 1987 and has been in practice for 30 years. He completed a residency at United States Naval Medical Center. Dr. Grzeskiewicz also specializes in Surgery. He currently practices at Joseph Leonard Grzeskiewicz MD and is affiliated with Scripps Memorial Hospital La Jolla.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " At Optimal Health & Aesthetics, he takes a holistic, comprehensive approach to patients' injuries in order to render the best treatment possible. His ultimate goal: to introduce or return patients to a healthier lifestyle.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He is nominee for the Nobel Peace Prize as well as the Nobel Prize in Medicine for the India Project, a plastic surgery camp in India treating thousands of patients with congenital birth defects or burn injuries each year. An innovator in his field, he has also done innovative research on stem cell therapy for hair regrowth and hair restoration in female baldness and male baldness.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She has completed residency in Obstetrics and Gynecology at New Jersey Medical School and fellowship in family planning at UCLA. She has also earned Masters in Public Health degree from Fielding School of Public Health at UCLA. Dr. Sridhar\u2019s research interest revolves around using technology for contraception education and educating future generation about family planning in a fun way.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " She founded 3D4MD, a social enterprise that provides a secure desktop 3D printing system that meets FDA guidelines and makes quality-tested 3D printed solutions to deliver better healthcare at home, abroad, and in space. She founded Medical Makers, a program to inspire, educate, and empower a global community of innovators, patients, and healthcare providers to make sustainable solutions to save lives, time, and money.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " A native New Yorker, Stephen was born and raised in Queens, New York. He received his Bachelor of Science in Physician Assistant Studies at St. Francis College, and is board certified through the National Commission of Certification of Physician Assistants (NCCPA). He started his career in 2003, working as PA in Emergency Medicine. In 2007, Stephen began practicing General Orthopedics and Trauma, and has been specializing in Foot & Ankle Surgery since joining Hospital for Special Surgery in 2010.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He obtained his Post-Medical School Training as a Resident of Plastic Surgery from The George Washington University and worked as a fellow of Plastic Surgery from the same University. Certified by the American Board of Plastic Surgery, Dr.Mukerji is the member of American Society of Plastic Surgeons. He has hospital affiliation at St John\u2019s Medical Center.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He foresaw the need for a coordinated response system in dealing with persons at-risk of medical emergencies while at school, in the workplace, or in other settings where immediate trained medical help was not available. Dr. Naysmith\u2019s background in medicine gives him first-hand knowledge of life-threatening emergencies from a medical perspective.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He is also a Lecturer (Hons) at the University of Rwanda\u2019s School of Medicine and Health Sciences. Internal medicine is the medical specialty dealing with the prevention, diagnosis, and treatment of adult diseases. Physicians specializing in internal medicine are called internists, or physicians (without a modifier) in Commonwealth nations. Internists are skilled in the management of patients who have undifferentiated or multi-system disease processes. Internists care for hospitalized and ambulatory patients and may play a major role in teaching and research.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Dr. Stieg has practiced plastic surgery in Central Florida since 1987. He has experience in all areas of cosmetic and reconstructive surgery including breast surgery, facial surgery and body contouring. Dr. Stieg has special interests in breast cancer reconstruction and cleft lip and palate repair. Additionally, Dr. Stieg provides medically necessary community service for the medically indigent through Orange Special Care, as well as takes frequent mission trips to Central and South America with Florida Hospital Shares Program.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Reynolds graduated from Louisiana State University School of Medicine New Orleans in 1962 and has been in practice for 56 years. He completed a residency at Confederate Memorial Medical Center. He currently practices at Morehouse General Hospital and is affiliated with Morehouse General Hospital. Dr. Reynolds accepts multiple insurance plans including Aetna, Medicare and Medicaid.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She practices in Gettysburg, Pennsylvania and has the professional credentials of PA C. The NPI Number for Nicole R Confer is 1972563252 and she holds a License No. MA052399 (Pennsylvania).", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He specializes in pediatric orthopedic traumatology, pediatric and adolescent foot deformity, and lower extremity deformity. His research interests include pediatric trauma, pediatric foot conditions, and orthopedic education.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She is a graduate of Duke University, as well as an Army veteran, where she served as a Medical Specialist. Additionally, she is a member of the American Academy of Physician Assistants.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Her primary clinical activities include the off-site Urgent Care Centers. Her educational interests include resident education in pediatric airway management, recognition and management of respiratory distress in children, recognition and management of shock in children, and orthopedic and burn trauma.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " She held the position of Clinical Director (Governance) for Medicine for Older Persons, Rehabilitation and Stroke between 2011-2016. She has been involved in the clinical management of patients with stroke throughout her training until 2012. Claire lived and worked in Ghana between 2004 -2006 as a Physician Specialist at Ridge Hospital, Accra. She is a founding member of the Wessex Ghana Stroke Partnership and visited Ghana in 2011.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Finishing his higher studies in the Department of Orthopedics PGIMER, Chandigarh, a well recognized centre for joint replacement surgery,sports medicine and arthroscopy, run by central government of...", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He is affiliated with University of Maryland Medical Center, Veterans Affairs Maryland Health Care System-Baltimore Division, and University of Maryland St. Joseph Medical Center.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He has developed laparoscopic radical hysterectomy for cancer cervix known as the Pune Technique. He is also a faculty at the American Association of Gynaecological Laparoscopy (AAGL).", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He started a vocational training programme for rural doctors in Durban, and was a founder member of the Rural Doctors Association of SA. At the University of KwaZulu-Natal he started the Centre for Rural Health and In 2010 he took up the post of Glaxo-Wellcome Chair of Primary Health Care at the University of Cape Town, where he has led teaching and research in primary health care, distributed learning, human resources for health, and medical humanities. Steve said he is honoured to have have a \"promotion to rehab\"!", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Mrs. Patricia M Adamski's NPI Number is #1033360110 and has been listed in the NPI registry for 10 years. Mrs. Patricia M Adamski's practice location is listed as: 1212 Currency Court Rochelle, IL 61068-2321 and can be reached via phone at (815) 561-8500.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Dr. Sparling was the first surgeon in the region to offer total hip resurfacing, a bone sparing alternative to a total hip replacement. He is one of the most experienced hip resurfacing surgeons in the country, having successfully performed over 500 of these procedures since November 2000.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Mark has performed over 2000 shoulder arthroscopies and pioneered modified techniques for arthroscopic rotator cuff and labral repairs. He has presented his research and clinical experience at 20 major national and international orthopaedic conferences, winning best paper awards including an Australian national shoulder meeting and the ISAKOS Caspari award in Japan. His ongoing research now focuses on rigorous postoperative evaluations, looking at ways to optimize the procedure and rehabilitation. This has recently been published internationally in The Journal of Shoulder and Elbow.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Vacuum therapy is one of best method to manage big wound combination with silver base gauze or foam, following his last article in wound therapy. He presents this article as a method for managing surgical site infection with mesh.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She teaches healthy-cooking classes to patients and community groups and writes about food on her blog, Spicebox Travels. Follow her on Twitter: @spiceboxtravels.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He has over a decade\u2019s experience in university lecturing and heading multidisciplinary teams in projects involving, strategy development and implementation, project management and control, media management and programme planning as well as public relations. During this time he co-chaired a Kellogg\u2019s Foundation funded project in South Africa involving various faculties, NGO\u2019s, government departments and other community organisations. Here he gained considerable experience in dealing with challenges involving obstructive senior academics, government ministers, etc.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He maximizes patients' non-operative management prior to considering surgery. If necessary, he offers minimally invasive (arthroscopic) and open procedures that are appropriate for the patient's disorders.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He specialises in liver, pancreas and gallbladder surgery, abdominal cancer surgery, liver transplant, minimally invasive surgery and gastrointestinal endoscopy.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He graduated from the Paris Descartes University, then successfully completed the internship in the Paris hospital system. The surgeon is known on the international level, as numerous celebrities and public figures book an appointment with him for the year ahead. He is also an honorary president of the French Association of Medical Tourism, as well as an active member of the Western Association of Plastic Surgeons. His extensive experience in aesthetic surgery guarantees a unique high-quality result for every patient. Dr. Durand\u2019s philosophy is to enhance the natural beauty of a person. All his patients are charmed by his great sense of humor, as well as his French elegance and finesse. If desired, his patients can stay in the VIP-apartments of his medieval chateau La Groirie, which gives them the opportunity to experience the authentic French culture.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Banks received her surgical training from Johns Hopkins Hospital in Baltimore, where she completed the Integrated Residency Program in plastic and reconstructive surgery. As the first surgical resident to complete this program, Dr. Banks received invaluable training that allows her to provide the highest degree of expertise and knowledge of cosmetic and reconstructive surgery to her patients.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Sebastian takes on the appearance of a tall, handsome adult with black hair, red eyes, and pale skin. He typically dresses in a butler's outfit, which consists of black trousers, a.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She studied Biomedical Sciences at Texas A&M University before earning her Master\u2019s Degree in Physician Assistant Studies from the University of North Texas Health Science Center in Fort Worth, Texas. Amanda is passionate about patient-centered care and creating excellent relationships with those she treats. In fact, Amanda chose to become a PA because doing so affords her the opportunity to spend more time with patients and focus on educating them about all aspects of their condition, diagnosis, and treatment options.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " She practices in Anchorage, Alaska and has the professional credentials of MD. The NPI Number for Jennifer Wingate is 1740299924 and she holds a License No. 4986 (Alaska).", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He specializes in facial, reconstructive and breast surgery. He launched a wide range of facial plastic surgery in Seattle, from facelift to Botox injections and micro-needling.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Rosenfeld graduated from Pennsylvania State University Hershey College of Medicine in 1973 and has been in practice for 45 years. He completed a residency at Shriners Hospitals for Children. He currently practices at Crozer-Keystone Health Center Orthopaedic Surgery and is affiliated with Bryn Mawr Hospital and Crozer-Chester Medical Center. Dr. Rosenfeld accepts multiple insurance plans including Medicare and AmeriHealth.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Divot\". The injury rate for recreational golfers is an astounding sixty percent! Golfers over fifty are at even greater risk for golf-related injury. In his book, Dr. Divot provides all golfers the latest in expert medical advice on how golf injuries occur, and how to prevent and treat them.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Ngoi Sing Shang practices at The Surgical Practice @ Mount Elizabeth in Novena, Singapore. He completed MBBS from National University of Singapore, Singapore in 1981,FRCS - General Surgery from Royal College of Physicians and Surgeons (RCPS), Glasgow in 1985 and FRCS - General Surgery from Royal College of Surgeons of Edinburgh (RCSE), U.K in 1986. Some of the services provided by the doctor are: Functional Bowel Disorders,Minimally Invasive Surgery,Colorectal Surgery,Hemorrhoids (piles) and Pelvic Floor Disorders etc.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Chandra is currently an active shareholding partner of the Sutter Medical Group. She has special interests in Neuro-Developmental disorders, such as Autism, Neuromuscular disorders and Traumatic brain injury/Sports Concussion.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Zeff\u2019s practice in 2016. He earned his undergraduate degree from Harvard University and his medical degree from the University of Pennsylvania School of Medicine. Dr. Wilson is bilingual in English and Spanish, and he has a particular interest in cosmetic injectables, minimally invasive techniques, and breast surgery. He is available for interview upon request.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He treats all pathologies, both routine and complex, including degenerative disc diseases in the neck and lower back. He is experienced in instrumenting at all levels of the spine. He understands the importance of care, compassion and good communication; and is keen to discuss all treatment options with his patients.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Muffazal Lakdawala is Founder, Digestive Health Institute by Dr Muffi, Mumbai, which is the first Indian Centre for Excellence in Bariatric Surgery. He is the Chairman of Institute of Minimal Invasive Surgical Sciences & Research Centre, Saifee Hospital, Mumbai and the President of IFSO- Asia Pacific chapter. He has performed bariatric surgeries on several famous personalities, including the BJP President Nitin Gadkari, NCP\u2019s Nawab Malik, former State Cabinet minister Nitin Raut, BJP\u2019s Vinod Tawde and BJP leader Venkaiah Naidu.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Why choose Dr. DeMars when considering plastic surgery? Dr. DeMars combines his skill and vision as a surgeon with a compassionate approach to all his patients. Dr. DeMars specializes in: \u2022 Breast Enhancement\u2022 Body Contouring\u2022 Facial Rejuvenation\u2022...", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She is affiliated with Baystate Medical Center (BMC). Dr. Kartiko is in-network for Medicare insurance. She obtained her medical school training at Texas A & M Health Science Center College of Medicine and performed her residency at Albert Einstein Healthcare Network.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " She finished her undergraduate degree in Biology at Indiana University and attended the University of Texas Health Science Center at San Antonio where she received her medical degree in 1998. She continued her specialty training at the Medical College of Wisconsin Hospitals in Milwaukee and finished her training in 2001. She specializes in Internal Medicine which emphasizes in deep care of medical problems for adult patients.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " She\ufffds a frequent guest blogger at Maria Shriver\ufffds site for Architects of Change and has led sold-out retreats combining surfing and shamanism in Hawaii and a sacred pachydermal pilgrimage to Thailand. She loves to help others find their own \ufffdfeel good\ufffd so they can live courageously and enthusiastically.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Dr. Lin has expertise in the treatment of cerebrovascular disorders including aneurysms, AVMs, carotid stenosis, cavernous malformations, Moyamoya disease, intracranial atherosclerotic disease, and intracranial hemorrhage. He also specializes in the treatment of brain and spinal tumors, pituitary tumors, and Chiari malformations. Dr. Lin sees patients and performs surgery at New York-Presbyterian/Weill Cornell Medical Center and NewYork-Presbyterian Queens.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He attended George Washington University from 1991 to 1995 and has been in practice since 2000. This is his second year teaching at Burrell and he is a strong advocate for students gaining hands-on experience through clerkship.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He completed his Medical Education at the Universit\u00e9 Libre de Bruxelles. For his post-medical school training, he joined the State University of New York as a Resident of General Surgery. For further experience, he joined the Nassau University Medical Center as a Resident of Plastic Surgery to know more about these Procedures. Certified by the American Board of Plastic Surgery, he is the member of American Society of Plastic Surgeons (ASPS) and Fellow American College of Surgeons (FACS) which shows his dedication towards his work. He has hospital affiliation at Stony Brook University Medical Center, North Shore Hospital \u2013 Manhasset, North Shore Hospital \u2013 Syosset and St. Joseph\u2019s Hospital.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Her work has been published in Best American Essays, Best American Science Writing, the New York Times, Los Angeles Times, New England Journal of Medicine, and Lancet, and has aired on National Public Radio. Her previous books are Singular Intimacies and Incidental Findings. Ofri lives in New York City. To read more about Danielle Ofri, visit her web site, DanielleOfri.com.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " She has graduated from Government Dental College& Hospital, Nagpur, India. Dr Shikha has done her post-graduation in Oral & Maxillo-facial Pathology from Government Dental College & Hospital, Aurangabad, India.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Chan School of Public Health FXB Center for Health and Human Rights at Harvard University in Boston. She is an Institute of Medicine, American Board of Emergency Medicine fellow in health sciences policy and cofounder of HEAL (Health, Education, Advocacy, Linkages) Trafficking, an international network of professionals combating human trafficking from a public health perspective. Through her work, she seeks to advance research and policy on the health needs of human trafficking victims globally and locally.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Passionate about providing excellent clinical care, Devon places a high priority on patient\u2019s needs and concerns. She treats a variety of skin disorders in patients of all ages, from acne, psoriasis, and rashes to skin cancers. She has a comprehensive practice that includes general dermatology, pediatric dermatology, and surgical dermatology.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " She earned her medical degree from the University of South Florida College of Medicine in 1996. She completed her internship and residency at the school before completing an additional residency program at Thomas Jefferson University Hospital.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " She served as director of the Pediatric Emergency Clinic and assistant chief of service in pediatrics at Grady Memorial Hospital. As a faculty member of Emory's School of Medicine,", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He has been featured in numerous publications including the Consumer\u2019s Research Council\u2019s \u201cGuide to America\u2019s Top Surgeons\u201d and was recently included in Marquis\u2019 \u201cWho\u2019s Who in the United States for 2012.\u201d Dr. Trussler has also received several awards for his scientific contributions to the field of plastic surgery. He has lectured internationally on the topic of cosmetic surgery and has authored numerous manuscripts and book chapters.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He has served as a thoracic surgeon since 2005 and obtained a doctor\u2019s degree of surgery of Fudan University in 2015. He is now the member of ESTS and EACTS. He has done seven Oral Presentation in International Academic Conferences including AATS, ESTS, EACTS annual meetings and won the ESTS - FSTCVS TRAVEL GRANT in 22nd ESTS Annual Meeting in 2014 for the best oral presentation of clinical work by an author below the age of 35. He was a visiting Scholar to Washington University Medical center in Seattle in 2017 granted by AATS Graham Foundation. He has more than 10 peer reviewed papers published in international journals. He is also an AME Academic Journalist.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " With extensive education and training in otolaryngology (head and neck surgery) as well as facial reconstructive surgery from both Canada and America, Dr. Ducic is skilled at helping patients with head and neck cancer. During his time serving the North Texas area, Dr. Ducic has earned many awards for his excellent patient care and created innovative treatments that allow more patients to live cancer free.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Niru Prasad after receiving her medical degree in Bihar, India, completed her residency at the Children\u2019s Hospital of Michigan. She is certified in Pediatrics and Emergency Medicine. Dr. Prasad is a fellow member of the American College of Emergency Physician and the American Academy of Pediatrics. She is a senior staff physician affiliated with West Bloomfield Center of Henry Ford Hospital, St. Joseph Mercy Hospital in Pontiac and West Bloomfield Beaumont Hospital in Royal Oak, Michigan.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He is fellowship trained in complex spine deformity, such as scoliosis and tumors. For more information about Dr. Jagannathan or his practice, visit his website or Facebook page.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He was fellowship-trained at The Hospital for Special Surgery, received his medical degree at The Albert Einstein College of Medicine, and served at Albany Medical Center for his residency.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She graduated from the National College of Naturopathic Medicine and currently works as an adjunct clinical professor. She\u2019s nationally recognized for her work as an author, speaker, educator, researcher, and clinician. Find articles filled with her expertise about naturopathic health, like how to prevent urinary tract infections with vitamin D or how to use fish oil during pregnancy.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Originally from Ballinasloe in Co. Galway, he graduated from University College Dublin in 1990 and did his fellowship training in Duke University, North Carolina, USA where he majored in Hip and Knee Replacement Surgery and Foot and Ankle Surgery. Before moving to Whitfield Clinic in 2012, he spent 12 years in the Orthopaedic and Trauma Surgery Department in University Hospital Waterford. In all, he have over 20 years\u2019 experience in orthopaedic surgery with a special interest in hip and knee replacement surgery and diseases of the foot and ankle.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " In addition to his experience with arthroscopic surgery and minimally invasive total joint replacement surgery, Dr. Lahav also performs robotic-assisted surgery and computer navigated surgery.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He sees patients of all ages, from children to older adults, for the range of musculoskeletal conditions. Dr. Lettvin has extensive experience in knee and shoulder arthroscopy, ankle arthroscopy, hip and knee replacements and fracture repairs in both the arms and legs.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She is also a member of the faculty in psychiatry at Harvard Medical School and a practicing psychiatrist at Cambridge Health Alliance. Previously she was affiliated\u2026", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " She is an Abbott President\u2019s award winner, avid Toastmaster and certified coach. Khaudeja has more than 25 year\u2019s professional experience, including clinical practice for nine years. She has held several global safety positions at Abbott Vascular (AV), Abbott Diagnostics (ADD), Abbott Established Pharma Division (EPD) and now AbbVie. Her career in safety includes leadership roles in devices, diagnostics, pharmaceuticals and combination products. Khaudeja has a diverse background in medical affairs, device safety, pharmacovigilance, risk management, clinical research/operations, project management, quality and information systems. She has extensive global experience. Khaudeja has professional experience as a physician in India and Saudi Arabia, and as an Abbott/Abbvie employee in Europe and the United States.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He was appointed a life peer in 2010. In 2012, Lord Ribeiro was confirmed as Chair of the Department of Health&#8217;s Independent Reconfiguration Panel, advising the Secretary of State for Health on changes to local health services in England. In 2008, he was awarded the Honorary degree of Doctor of Science by Anglia Ruskin University and an Honorary Fellowship from the American College of Surgeons.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She practices Western medicine, but also studied acupuncture. Wong says there\u2019s extensive evidence that acupuncture helps with a lot of health problems where Western medicine falls short, like headaches, back aches, and nausea.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He is a Diplomate of the American Board of Cosmetic Surgery and member of the American Academy of Cosmetic Surgery and has successfully treated hundreds of patients with a high satisfaction rate. Dr. Sessa is an Italian American, born in Brooklyn, New York and raised on Staten Island. He graduated with a bachelor's degree from Fordham, received his first post-graduate degree from the University of Connecticut in 1997 and earned his medical degree from the Louisiana State University College of Medicine in 2000. After his residency at the Louisiana State University in New Orleans, one of the nations top programs, he completed a Facial & Full Body Cosmetic Surgery fellowship in Salt Lake City, Utah. Dr. Sessa has been trained in all aspects of cosmetic surgery and is dedicated to providing his patients with the newest technology and highest quality care.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She completed her master of medical sciences and went on to earn her Ph.D from the Institute of Medicine, Chung Shan Medical University, Taichung, Taiwan", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He practices in Berea, Kentucky and has the professional credentials of M.D.. The NPI Number for Mark Richard Secor is 1124042999 and he holds a License No. 23629 (Kentucky).", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " As a seasoned provider, he brings extensive experience to his current role at the clinic. Dr. Dominguez has devoted his life to helping patients with complex medical problems. He believes in providing excellent patient care and strives towards quickly bringing patients back to their routine way of life. He integrates his medical expertise with state of the art technology and strives to provide the highest quality of healthcare. Dr. Dominguez approaches patient care with compassion and is uncompromising in his dedication to the well-being of his patients.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He treats infants, children and adolescents with orthopedic conditions. These conditions include sports injuries, fractures, bone and joint infections, scoliosis, clubfoot, and hip dysplasia. He believes in simple, straight-forward solutions to complex orthopedic problems. Dr. Weinberg obtained his undergraduate degree in [\u2026] Learn More", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Bellamy graduated from University of Illinois College of Medicine in 2006 and has been in practice for 18 years. Dr. Bellamy also specializes in Foot & Ankle Surgery. He currently practices at Sports & Orthopedic Specialists PA and is affiliated with Abbott Northwestern Hospital. Dr. Bellamy accepts multiple insurance plans including Aetna, Cigna and Blue Cross Blue Shield of Illinois. Dr. Bellamy also practices at Sports & Orthopedic Specialists PA in Minneapolis, MN. In addition to English, Dr. Bellamy's practice supports these languages: Spanish, French and German.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She practices in Apo, Armed Forces Europe and has the professional credentials of PA-C. The NPI Number for Mrs. Jillian Marie Volnek is 1083924617 and she holds a License No. 1534 (Nebraska).", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Dr Lim subspecialises in sports medicine and his clinical interests include the management of sports injuries, and arthroscopic and open treatment of knee and shoulder conditions.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She comes with a wide range of experience from township hospitals in South Africa to emergency rooms in Saskatchewan. Prior to working at Aquarius Medical Clinic she spent 6 years working in the field of pediatric oncology at BC Children\u2019s Hospital. Dr. Rawson has completed a Practical Dermatology Diploma and has special skills diagnosing and treating skin disorders as well as cosmetic dermatology. She brings this wide base of experience and knowledge to the variety and challenges of family practice.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He specializes in Minimally Invasive Aesthetics incorporating this philosophy into all of his surgical and non-surgical techniques. He has been selected as one of America\u2019s Top Plastic Surgeons by the Consumers\u2019 Research Council of America.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He is one of the few, in the country truly speaking, to hold a double certification (by a University and The National Board of Medicine-DNB) in both the broad Specialty (General Surgery) as well as the Sub-specialty (Plastic and Reconstructive Surgery). These achievements are capped by his selection as a member of the Royal College of Surgeons of Edinburgh, UK in 2004.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He completed his Medical Education from the University of California and worked as a Resident of General Surgery from the University of California. He also got the privilege to work as a fellow of Burn Surgery Basic Science Research and Clinical Fellowship at the same University. He also joined the University of Mississippi to work as a fellow of Craniomaxillofacial Surgery as well as Plastic and Reconstructive Surgery. Certified by the American Board of Plastic Surgery, Dr. B. Beck has hospital affiliations at Mills-Peninsula Medical Center and is the member of American Society of Plastic Surgeons (ASPS) and Fellow American College of Surgeons (FACS).", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She attended The Aga Khan University Medical College in Karachi, Pakistan and completed her pediatric residency at LeBonheur Children's Medical Center. Her favorite part of being a pediatrician is the kids: \u201cthey are innocent, honest and always happy!\u201d", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " As a Diplomate of the American Board of Beauty Surgery* and member of the American Academy of Cosmetic Surgery, he has successfully treated hundreds of patients with a high satisfaction rate. Dr. Sessa is an Italian American, born in Brooklyn, New York and raised on Staten Island. He graduated with a bachelor_s degree from Fordham, acquired his first post-graduate degree from the University of Connecticut in 1997 and earned his medical degree from the Louisiana State University_s College of Drugs in 2000. After completing his residency by way of one of the nation_s top packages on the Louisiana State University in New Orleans, he went on to complete a Facial and Full Body Beauty Surgery fellowship in Salt Lake City, UT. Dr. Sessa has been educated in all facets of beauty surgery and is devoted to providing his patients with the latest expertise and highest high quality care.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Sterry offers several popular surgical procedures to his patients in NYC, including tummy tuck, liposuction, and breast augmentation. He also offers a full menu of non-surgical medical spa treatments including BOTOX\u00ae Cosmetic, dermal fillers, laser hair removal, and more. For a complete list of options or for more information about the doctor, please visit Dr. Sterry online today!", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Writing for him is equal parts catharsis, creativity, and escape from the rigors of a busy medical practice and the joys and challenges of raising a family. The works of James Patterson, Michael Crichton, and Patricia Cornwell inspired Dr. Rubin to create the Christopher Ravello Series. Challenges and tragedies in Dr. Rubin\u2019s life, particularly the untimely death of his mother, provided some of the underlying drama, conflict, and turmoil for the series\u2019 lead character. When he isn't busy practicing medicine or crafting his next medical thriller, Dr. Rubin enjoys time with his family and friends, running, playing piano, and travel.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " She joined MSF in 2007 and has undertaken field assignments as a field physician, medical team lead, and medical coordinator in Zimbabwe and Sudan. Dr. Ludwig completed a fellowship in applied medical epidemiology through the Epidemic Intelligence Service and the Centers for Disease and Control Prevention. She has worked as a research coordinator on HIV public health research projects in East Africa through the University of California, San Francisco, and in the domestic tuberculosis program for the City of San Francisco. Currently she is physician chief of medical practice at a large primary care clinic at the San Francisco VA Medical Center, where she teaches residents, manages medical operations, and cares for veterans.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " She is board-certified in both Obstetrics and Gynecology as well as Reproductive Endocrinology and Infertility. Dr. Alexander\u2019s main clinical interests include the treatment of polycystic ovary syndrome, endometriosis, unexplained infertility and recurrent pregnancy loss. Additionally, she works closely with oncologists on the fertility preservation of patients who are about to undergo chemotherapy.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " She has worked with Dr. Ahmad and the bariatric program since 2014. As a Physician Assistant, Irina works closely with Dr. Ahmad in clinic to assist in evaluation and treatment of surgical patients. Irina\u2019s skills are also utilized in surgery in assisting with laparoscopic and robotic procedures. She is committed to providing quality and compassionate care to all patients.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He received his undergraduate degree at Brigham Young University, where he attended on an academic scholarship. He moved to North Carolina for medical school, where he graduated at the top of his class at Wake Forest University School of Medicine. Upon taking the United States Medical Licensing Exam, his score put him at the 96th percentile (top 4%) nationally among all medical school graduates. His orthopedic surgery residency was at Loma Linda University Medical Center in California, where as chief resident, he was awarded the prestigious Leonard Marmor award for \u201cExcellence in Orthopedic Surgery\u201d, as well as multiple awards for his medical research. He then moved back to Las Vegas in 2004 to begin his orthopedic surgery practice, with an emphasis on treating people with shoulder problems.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Every president has had one of those two experiences. His oratory may give him an early boost, but at some point, his lack of qualifications will kick in.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Zhao Xing practices at Ma Kuang Chinese Medicine & Research Centre Pte Ltd (Khatib) in Yishun, Singapore and Ma Kuang Chinese Medicine & Research Centre Pte Ltd (Serangoon) in Serangoon, Singapore. Some of the services provided by the her are: Pain Management Counseling,Treatment for Neurological Disorders,Back Pain Physiotherapy,Menstrual Disorders and Treatment for Ophthalmological and Otolaryngology Disorders etc.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " To schedule an appointment, contact her in Philadelphia, PA, for inquiries. ..., general practice physicians, doctors, family & general practice physicians, physicians & surgeons", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Dr. Cullen graduated from University of Iowa Roy J & Lucille A Carver College of Medicine in 1986 and has been in practice for 32 years. He completed a residency at University of Iowa Hospitals & Clinics. He currently practices at University of Iowa Hospitals & Clinics and is affiliated with University of Iowa Hospitals & Clinics. Dr. Cullen accepts multiple insurance plans including Aetna, Wellmark and Medicare. Dr. Cullen also practices at VA Medical Center in Iowa City, IA. In addition to English, Dr. Cullen's practice supports these languages: German, Arabic, Italian, Russian, Spanish and French.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She received her medical degree at the University of Massachusetts in Worcester, MA, and completed her residency and fellowship at Mary Imogene Bassett Hospital in Cooperstown, NY.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He practices in Apo, Armed Forces Europe and has the professional credentials of PA-C, MPAS. The NPI Number for Brian Wehrer is 1164411658 and he holds a License No. 1045653 (Louisiana).", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He offers minimally invasive treatments for rotator cuff disease, shoulder instability, frozen shoulder, and elbow arthritis. In addition, he specializes in shoulder and elbow replacement surgery and reconstruction for trauma.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He specialises in hand and upper limb orthopaedic surgery. This includes problems in the hand, wrist, elbow and shoulder. He treats most upper limb conditions including pain and discomfort, joint stiffness and instability, nerve compression, sports injuries, fracture fixation, microsurgery for major trauma and amputations, deformity correction and hand tumours, as well as joint replacement and reconstruction for arthritis.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She is a Fellow of the American Academy of Family Practice, a member and diplomat of the American Society of Bariatric Physicians and a past Trustee of the American Society of Bariatric Physicians (1997 \u2013 1999). She has been president of the Women Physicians of Palm Beach County from 1996 to the present and former International President of the International Academy of Bariatric Physicians (1985 \u2013 1986). Born in Morocco, she now resides in West Palm Beach, Florida with her husband, John Merey, M.D. They have a son, Andrew, a daughter, DeAnne, and three grandchildren, Alec, Mikala and Peter.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " She is part of Tufts Medical Center Antimicrobial Stewardship team and has a special interest in rapid diagnostics and stewardship in the outpatient setting.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Quintero graduated from Texas Tech University and earned her physician\u2019s assistant degree at the University of Texas Southwestern Medical School in Dallas.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " She received her MD from the University of Pittsburgh School of Medicine. Dr. Yonekawa completed her pediatrics residency at Children\u2019s Hospital of Orange County and her pediatric nephrology fellowship at the University of Washington. She cares for children at Mary Bridge Children\u2019s Hospital in Tacoma, WA.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " A former patient, unhappy with the results of a breast augmentation procedure, posted negative comments about Dr. Soto on www.RateMDs.com. The comments included statements that scars were \u201chorrific,\u201d \u201cfrightening and unnecessary,\u201d that breasts were \u201cuneven,\u201d that Dr. Soto charged for procedures that he did not perform, and that he is not skilled or caring.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He did his medical school training at the West Virginia University School of Medicine, and then completed his Neurosurgery residency and Spine Surgery Fellowship training at the Cleveland Clinic Foundation in Cleveland, OH. He has an interest in spinal deformity, and in 2017 will be joining the Department of Neurosurgery in the Allegheny Health Network in Pittsburgh, PA, as the Director of Adult Spinal Deformity for the Network.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He earned his medical degree from Rush Medical College in Chicago and completed his Orthopedic Surgery internship and residency at Barnes Hospital and Washington University. He then completed a Sports Medicine Fellowship at Southern California Orthopedic Institute. Before entering private practice, he was an assistant professor for the Washington University Department of Orthopedics.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She worked for eight years in Groote Schuur\u2019s Hospital and was in charge of the emergency unit for three years. Next year, she will open a private practice clinic in Cape Town.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " After obtaining his MD, PhD, Dr. Huang did his pediatrics residency at Georgetown University Hospital 1993 to 1996. He completed his clinical genetics and clinical molecular genetics fellowship at Harvard Medical School and became a junior faculty member at the Children\u2019s Hospital at Harvard from 1999. Dr. Huang is board-certified in pediatrics, clinical genetics and clinical molecular genetics. Dr. Huang moved to UC Irvine in 2001 and became a independent investigator.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He maintains a longstanding commitment to the education and training of the next generation of plastic surgeons, and recently returned from the Aesthetic Plastic Surgery and Anti-Aging Medicine symposium held in New York. Dr. Sullivan says he hopes his lectures on the latest developments in procedures such as neck rejuvenation and facelift inspire the future generation of aesthetic healthcare providers to pursue innovation with similar vigor and dedication.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Kvitne completed his sports medicine fellowship at Kerlan-Jobe Orthopaedic Clinic. He is the team physician of the world champion Los Angeles Kings and the Los Angeles Blades, and is an Associate Orthopedic Consultant for the Los Angeles Angels, Los Angeles Dodgers, Los Angeles Lakers, Los Angeles Rams, and Anaheim Ducks. (Currently seeing patients at Kerlan-Jobe offices in Westchester.)", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She practices in Birmingham, Alabama and has the professional credentials of MD. The NPI Number for Dr. Cathrine Overaa is 1558878843 and she holds a License No. L4610 (Alabama).", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " After attending Yale College for his undergraduate education, he earned his medical degree from SUNY Downstate Medical Center, graduating summa cum laude. Dr. Newman then went on to do his general surgery training at Harvard Medical School. He trained in plastic surgery at the Institute of Reconstructive Plastic Surgery at New York University Medical Center, where he acted as the Plastic Surgery Chief Resident. He remains active in the medical community as a Diplomat of the National Board of Medical Examiners, the American Board of Surgery, and the American Board of Plastic Surgery, as well as a Fellow of the American College of Surgeons and the International College of Surgeons. Dr. Newman is available for interview upon request.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She graduated from Weill Cornell Medical School Physician Assistant Program in 2007, receiving honors for her clinical work. She moved from the East coast to California in 2007, and has worked in family medicine and pediatrics since then. Kelly joined North Coast Family Medical Group in 2015. She is a member of the American Academy of Physician Assistants, and the California Academy of Physician Assistants. She enjoys hiking, snowboarding, travel and above all, spending time with her husband, two young children, and friends.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " She has spent the past ten years working closely with local families to improve their health. An alum of Pacific University, she was born in Forest Grove, grew up in southern Oregon, and returned in 1995 for college. She lives in Cornelius with her husband, Rich, and two sons, Colby and Cooper, who attend the Forest Grove Community School.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " She graduated from Monash University in Melbourne with a MBBS (Hons) degree in 1992. She is a Fellow of the Royal Australian College of General Practitioners. She has 4 separate Diplomas, specifically in Women\u2019s Health, Cosmetic Medicine, Dermatology and Skin Cancer Medicine. She is also a Certified Sclerotherapist through the Australian College of Phlebology.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Dr. Jejurikar is a partner in the Dallas Plastic Surgery Institute and specializes in cosmetic procedures on the body, breast, and face. He is best known for performing gluteal augmentation with fat, which is more commonly known as the \"Brazilian Butt Lift.\" When he is not in the operating room, he speaks at various conferences and meetings about this procedure. As a member of the International Multisociety Gluteal Fat Grafting Task Force, he has researched ways to avoid fatal fat embolism with this treatment.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Rios is a specialist very well known for highly complex patients with severe maxillary atrophies who need bone grafts and regeneration procedures. Dr. Rios has lectured internationally in the Zygoma Implant technique. Also, he has been part of the Oral Surgery department of the Javeriana School of Dentistry University", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Heather completed her undergraduate studies at Auburn University, earning her bachelor\u2019s degree in Biomedical Science. She furthered her studies by earning a Master\u2019s Degree in Physician Assistant Studies along with a Master\u2019s Degree in Public Health from Nova Southeastern University, graduating with highest honors.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " She completed her Residency at Marshall University Medical School (WV) and gained more experience in a two-year fellowship at Cook County Hospital in Chicago. Elena Koles completed a special DAN! training course at Autism Research Institute. She is a member of the American Academy of The Environmental Medicine, completed the special courses in allergy and chemical sensitivity testing and treatment.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " His Triangles Model\u00a9 became the cornerstone for PNI instruction and intervention. A significant proportion of these interventions reflect traditional Buddhist principles. He is consulted widely both by private and corporate individuals in the implementation of wellness and performance-enhancing strategies. His new book Leading with Conscious Awareness: A narrative of personal insights published by Conscious Companies/South Africa was launched in March.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Larsen received his medical degree from the Uniformed Services University of the Health Sciences School of Medicine in Bethesda, Maryland. After, he completed his residency at Wilford Hall Medical Center at Lackland Air Force Base in San Antonio, Texas. He later completed a hand and microvascular surgery fellowship at ...", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Brooke was born and raised in Camden, Arkansas. She attended Henderson State University in Arkadelphia, Arkansas where she obtained her BS in Biology with a minor in chemistry. Brooke long knew she wanted to be a PA, so after graduating with her bachelor\u2019s degree she worked as a Certified Nursing Assistant in a local nursing home to get patient care experience. She then attended Harding University in Searcy, Arkansas where she graduated with her MS in Physician Assistant studies in 2014.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " She practices in Apo, Armed Forces Europe and has the professional credentials of MD. The NPI Number for Dr. Fredilyn M Lipata is 1750568234 and she holds a License No. 2010-01116 (North Carolina).", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Dr. Jacobs graduated from New York University School of Medicine in 1981 and has been in practice for 37 years. He completed a residency at Maimonides Medical Center. Dr. Jacobs also specializes in Surgery. He currently practices at Miami Beach Plastic Surgery Center and is affiliated with Mount Sinai Medical Center. Dr. Jacobs also practices at Miami Beach Cosmetic & Plastic Surgery Center in Miami Beach, FL. In addition to English, Dr. Jacobs's practice supports this language: Spanish.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Baker served for several years as the Medical Director of the Surgical Intensive Care Units at Spectrum Hospital and is an Assistant Professor of Surgery at Michigan State University. He is a member of the American Society for Bariatric Surgery, the American Medical Association and the Society of Critical Care Medicine. He is also a member of the OAC Advisory Board.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He feels strongly about the impact that education and sport can have on children coming from underprivileged backgrounds and he goes all out in realising this vision under the banner of CBB.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He specializes in surgery of the knee and shoulder, as well as other joints involved in sports injuries. Dr. Marx has been voted as one of the \"Best Doctors in New York\" by New York Magazine for multiple years.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Catalano graduated from University of Medicine & Dentistry of New Jersey Robert Wood Johnson Medical School in 1988 and has been in practice for 32 years. He completed a residency at University of Louisville School of Medicine. Dr. Catalano also specializes in Adult Reconstructive Orthopedic Surgery. He currently practices at Norton Orthopaedic Specialists St Matthews and is affiliated with Jewish Hospital Shelbyville. Dr. Catalano accepts multiple insurance plans including TRICARE, Aetna and SIHO Insurance Services. Dr. Catalano also practices at Norton Advanced Orthopaedics in Shelbyville, KY.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He specializes in breast and body cosmetic surgery and is renowned for creating elegant transformations\u2014sculpting, refining, and restoring the body to its most ideal shape. With an artistic eye and a friendly demeanor, Dr. Ravi is well-known for his caring bedside manner and dynamic personality, making patients feel comfortable throughout their treatment process. With hundreds of positive reviews and testimonials, Dr. Ravi is one of Houston\u2019s top cosmetic surgeons.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He offers his expertise on worker's compensation hearings and independent medical examinations, occasionally offering expert witness testimony. After serving his country as a combat Marine in the Korean conflict, in which he rose to the rank of Staff Sergeant at the age of 19, he graduated from the University of Alabama School of Medicine in 1962, where he then completed a 6-year residency in neurological surgery. Board certified since 1972, Dr. Argires led for decades a multidisciplinary practice of neurologists, orthopedists, pain management specialists, and neurosurgeons in his home of Lancaster, PA. He also taught neurosurgery at Temple University and Penn State University's Hershey, PA campus. He remains a fellow in both the American College of Surgeons and the American Association of Neurological Surgeons. Remains board certified in neurological surgery.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " When he loses a patient on the operating table, Max impulsively decides to leave America and travel to India in the hope of finding himself. Not long after he arrives in Calcutta, Max is attacked by a group of thugs and left without money or a passport.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Rogers provides a wide range of services, including sports medicine services and treatments for knee pain, knee arthritis, meniscus tears including arthroscopic knee surgery, and knee replacements. Dr. Rogers also performs carpal tunnel release and rotator cuff repairs.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Having completed his post \u2013 graduation in Jawaharlal Nehru Medical College, Ajmer, Rajasthan, he worked for several years and was on the advisory committee of Health Careers since the inception of the company. In the year 2011 Dr. Jacob took his place as the Director of Health Careers Institute. His considerable knowledge and practical experience in the field of medicine and healthcare ensures that Health Careers Institute keeps up their high standards of quality in healthcare education and training.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She holds a Bachelor\u2019s Degree from St. Augustine\u2019s College and a Master\u2019s Degree from East Carolina University, where she focused on Physician Assistant Studies. She is a member of the North Carolina Academy of Physician Assistant, as well as the American Academy of Physician Assistant. It is Tarsha\u2019s passion to provide compassionate, thoughtful, and in-depth dermatology evaluations to patients with a wide variety of skin maladies.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " She also worked several years as a Physician Assistant at Rooks County\u2019s Post Rock Family Medicine. In 2018 she rejoined the staff of Rooks County Health Center. Emily lives in Hays with her husband Thomas, and their son Grayson. Emily enjoys traveling, reading, crafting and spending time with her family & friends.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " She offers high quality and compassionate care to patients presenting with a wide variety of dermatologic diseases, problems, and concerns. Optimizing and excelling in all dermatological procedures, she strives to provide the most advanced care to patients.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Dr. Centeno graduated from University of California Los Angeles David Geffen School of Medicine in 1995 and has been in practice for 23 years. He completed a residency at University of Texas Health System. He currently practices at Santa Maria Surgical and is affiliated with Marian Regional Medical Center. Dr. Centeno accepts multiple insurance plans including Aetna, Medicare and Cigna. Dr. Centeno also practices at Surgical Specialist Inc in Santa Maria, CA. In addition to English, Dr. Centeno's practice supports these languages: Spanish and Korean.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She practices in Anchorage, Alaska and has the professional credentials of MD. The NPI Number for Angela Giron Covington is 1386806461 and she holds a License No. MEDS8181 (Alaska).", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " For further practical exposure, he joined the Vanderbilt University Medical Center as a Resident of Plastic Surgery. In addition to it, he joined the same University as a Resident of General Surgery. With the certification of The American Board of Plastic Surgery, Dr. D. Yates is the member of American Society for Aesthetic Plastic Surgery (ASAPS), American Society for Laser Medicine and Surgery (ASLMS), American Society of Plastic Surgeons (ASPS) and Fellow American College of Surgeons (FACS). For his patients care he has taken the hospital affiliation of Huntsville Hospital and Crestwood Medical Center. He practices in Alabama. In his 28 years of experience, he performed mostly Breast Reduction, Breast Reconstruction and Tummy Tuck.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Originally from Edmonton, she relocated to Toronto in 2011 with her husband Kevin, in hopes of escaping the harsh prairie winters. In addition to working at her practice and enjoying many other interests, Melissa wanted to find a way of creating a bigger impact in her community. Aware of the many challenges and disadvantages that so many people in Toronto face, she became involved with All It Takes to help transform the city.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " She also did in vivo and in vitro research projects on ferritin and its implications in autoimmune and inflammatory diseases during her fellowship at the Zabludowicz Center for Autoimmune Diseases.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " She earned her medical degree from Eastern Virginia Medical School in 2005. Dr. Martinez conducted her residency at the University of South Florida and also spent time on a volunteer mission providing healthcare in Nairobi, Kenya.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He is MD from The University of Miami School of Medicine and a resident of Plastic Surgery from Brown University. Dr. J. Brown has hospital affiliations at Inova Fair Oaks Hospital, Inova Loudoun Hospital, Reston Hospital Center. He is also the member of American Society for Aesthetic Plastic Surgery (ASAPS) and American Society of Plastic Surgeons (ASPS).", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He has worked alongside top plastic surgeons at plastic surgery centres in Korea, such as the Hanyang University Hospital, 101 Plastic Surgery Clinic and BIO Plastic Surgery Clinic. Aside from regular work, Dr Samuel is a supporter of a not-for-profit medical volunteer organization that provides reconstructive facial surgery to young children in Indonesia.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He is a Diplomate of the American Board of Cosmetic Surgery* and member of the American Academy of Cosmetic Surgery and has successfully treated hundreds of patients with a high satisfaction rate. Dr. Sessa is an Italian American, born in Brooklyn, New York and raised on Staten Island. He graduated with a bachelor's degree from Fordham, received his first post-graduate degree from the University of Connecticut in 1997 and earned his medical degree from the Louisiana State University College of Medicine in 2000. After his residency at the Louisiana State University, New Orleans, one of the nations top programs, he completed a Facial & Full Body Cosmetic Surgery fellowship in Salt Lake City, Utah. Dr. Sessa has been trained in all aspects of cosmetic surgery and is dedicated to providing his patients with the newest technology and highest quality care.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Ambardar graduated with Honors in Biological Sciences from Stanford University where she served as Managing Editor of The Stanford Biologist, the university\u2019s premier undergraduate journal of biomedical research. She completed medical school at Baylor College of Medicine in Houston, TX, a top-ranked institution for Psychiatry training, and home of the Texas Medical Center, the world\u2019s largest medical complex.\u2026", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " She joined Family Practice Center and began her career as a physician assistant in 2007. Erin currently sees patients in Loysville, PA. </p> <p><strong>Education:</strong></p> <ul> <li>MS &ndash; Physician Assistant Studies, Arcadia University, Glenside, PA</li> <li>BS &ndash; Health Science/Psychology Minor, Lock Haven University, Lock Haven, PA</li> </ul> <p><strong>Certification: </strong></p> <ul> <li>National Commission on Certification of Physician Assistants (NCCPA)</li> </ul> <p><strong>Professional Affiliation: </strong></p> <ul> <li>American Academy o", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He was born in Palestine and later raised in Kuwait. Thus he is an Arab by birth. Dr. Saad pursued his medical degree at Cairo University in Egypt where he got an honorary degree in medicine. He came second in his class. After two years, he moved into the United States where he began his residency in surgery, precisely pediatric surgery. On due completion of his studies, he got inducted into the certified board of Pediatric Surgery. Dr. Saad worked for the Royal family of Saudi Arabia as their surgeon. Peculiar reasons, however, made him earn the spot to work among the royals. One being that he spoke both English and Arabic, the other one being that he was a member of the certified board member of the Pediatric commission in the United States.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She is a member of the American Society of Plastic Surgeons, the Southeastern Society of Plastic and Reconstructive Surgeons, and the American College of Surgeons. She is a member of the Emerging Trends Committee with the American Society of Plastic Surgeons, which looks into new and innovative technologies. She has served as a key opinion leader on facial injectables and tissue adhesives and has been an advisory board member for a dermal filler company. Dr. Boehm performs a full array of breast, and body contouring surgeries with a focus on aesthetic enhancement and rejuvenation. She also has particular expertise in non-invasive techniques for anti-aging and is skilled in the art of injectables, including neurotoxins and dermal fillers.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " For years, patients have went to his practice from all through the Dominican Republic plus the United States Of America and neighboring countries. He has earned a very good reputation as a result of his expertness, skills, and excellent results.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He studied at the University of Auckland and graduated with Bachelor of Medicine and Surgery. Greg is a specialist practising in Douglas. He has gathered experience having worked at various affiliated Orthopaedic Hospitals at Sunshine Coast, society for minimally invasive spine and others. His interest lies in between the top most common procedures like adult deformity, minimally invasive spine surgery and cervical spine surgery including disc replacement. This procedure has made Gregory Finch famous and one of the top Surgeon in the world because many surgeons do not specialize these procedures.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He is also treasurer of the Global Initiative for Childrens Surgery (GICS). He has worked closely with international partners and the local paediatric surgery and anesthesia teams in Uganda on training, infrastructure development, research, and advocacy.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Sebastian takes on the appearance of a tall, handsome adult with black hair, red eyes, and pale skin. He ersults dresses in a butler's outfit, which consists of black trousers, a. Soul Eater is a shonen manga by Atsushi Ohkubo which has been regularly serialized in Monthly Shonen Gangan since 2004.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He practices with Wellington Orthopaedic and Sports Medicine/ Mercy Orthopaedics and Sports Medicine in Cincinnati, OH. His current interests include trauma of the hand, wrist, and elbow; sports injuries of the upper extremity; and arthritis throughout the hand and wrist.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Damiani graduated from Autonomous University of Guadalajara Faculty of Medicine in 1975 and has been in practice for 41 years. He completed a residency at Boston University Medical Center. He currently practices at Joseph M Damiani MD and is affiliated with Midland Memorial Hospital Main Campus. Dr. Damiani accepts multiple insurance plans including Aetna, Medicare and Humana. Dr. Damiani also practices at Texas Tech University Health Sciences Center in Lubbock, TX.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She received her medical degree from the State University of New York-Buffalo in 2008 and completed residency training in general pediatrics at the University of Utah. She is a member of the American Academy of Pediatrics. Her professional interests include children with special health care needs, obesity and nutrition and general preventative medicine. She enjoys taking on medical and PA students to help in their training and education. In her free time, Dr. Szalkowski-Lehane is a triathlete, likes to go hiking and spending time with her husband and daughter. She is currently welcoming new patients and accepts most insurance plans.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " For several years, individuals have went to his practice from all through the entire Dominican Republic and also the United States and nearby countries. He's earned a really positive reputation thanks to his professionalism, working experience, and superb results.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Wendy Wells graduated with honors from Southwest College of Naturopathic Medicine. She was awarded a Doctorate of Naturopathic Medicine and is licensed to practice medicine in the state of Arizona. She is a member of the American Association of Naturopathic Physicians and the Arizona Board of Naturopathic Medical Association.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He is a physician with the Atlantic Orthopaedic Specialists in Virginia Beach, Va. AOS provides Athletic Trainers for several USTA Mid-Atlantic Regional, Sectional and other tennis events.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He is associated with the Hoag Memorial Hospital Presbyterian. Terry gained his medical degree from David Geffen School of Medicine at UCLA and has been practising for more than 20 years. He is one of the 92 doctors at Hoag Memorial Hospital Presbyterian who specialize in Plastic Surgery. Dr. Dubrow has a passion for plastic surgery, which sets him apart in the highly competitive cosmetic and plastic surgery field.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He is a pass out from one of the prestigious Post Graduate Institute of Medical Education and Research (PGIMER), Chandigarh. He has over last 12 years developed excellent surgical skills and acumen in the field of surgery.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Buntic graduated from McGill University Faculty of Medicine in 1990 and has been in practice for 27 years. He completed a residency at Stanford University School of Medicine. Dr. Buntic also specializes in Hand Surgery and Surgery. He currently practices at Buncke Clinic and is affiliated with California Pacific Medical Center Pacific Campus. Dr. Buntic accepts multiple insurance plans including Aetna, Medicare and Blue Cross Blue Shield. In addition to English, Dr. Buntic's practice supports this language: Spanish.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He completed his MBBS from the National University of Singapore in 1975. He was then continued his FRCS in Edinburgh and Glasgow. He attained his FAMS in Neurosurgery, and subsequently, the FRCS in the year 1989.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He provides specialised and holistic care in sports, adult and paediatric orthopaedics. He specialises in advanced arthroscopic key-hole procedures for the shoulder, elbow, wrist, hip, knee and ankle. He also specialises in paediatric orthopaedics.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Carol Maikalani Hannum is a minister and medical intuitive who developed a powerful method for self-healing. Elisa Medhus, a physician and mother of five, practiced internal medicine in Houston, Texas for over thirty years. In 2009, after the death of her 20 year-old son, Erik, Dr. Medhus began journaling her grief on her blog, Channeling Erik. Because of her strong science background, she viewed spiritual matters such...", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Dr. Hanna graduated from Ohio State University College of Medicine in 2000 and has been in practice for 18 years. He currently practices at The Orthopaedic Center and is affiliated with Potomac Hospital. Dr. Hanna accepts multiple insurance plans including Aetna, Medicare and Cigna. Dr. Hanna also practices at The Orthopaedic Center in Washington, DC. In addition to English, Dr. Hanna's practice supports this language: Spanish.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Not only did she enjoy boxing, but it turns out that she was pretty good at it. She started training about a year and a half ago, with absolutely no intention of competing.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " She practices in Anchorage, Alaska and has the professional credentials of MD. The NPI Number for Ruth A Dukoff is 1760495246 and she holds a License No. 5685 (Alaska).", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Dr. Armand is also involved in teaching internal medicine residents in training. She is a faculty editor for MGH Primary Care Office InSite (PCOI), a website that provides patient information as well as guidelines for practicing physicians and healthcare staff. She is a medical director at ConsumerMedical, a company dedicated to educate and empower individuals in their healthcare decisions. Dr. Armand earned her medical degree from the University of California, San Francisco (UCSF) School of Medicine, where she also completed her internal medicine residency in a program dedicated to training physicians to become leaders in the care of the underserved.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He has embarked on a personal journey to demonstrate commitment to aesthetic surgery ideals \u2013 by having \u2018rejuvenative\u2019 facial plastic surgery himself.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He is board certified in surgery and colon and rectal surgery. His clinical interests and expertise include colon and rectal Cancer, minimally invasive colorectal surgery (laparoscopic and robotic), transanal endoscopic surgery, Inflammatory Bowel Disease (Crohn's & ulcerative colitis), and anorectal disorders. More >", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Rogers received his undergraduate degree from the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill and completed medical school at the University of South Carolina School of Medicine. He completed his residency in orthopedic surgery at Wake Forest University Baptist Health and his fellowship in orthopedic sports medicine and shoulder reconstruction at Steadman Hawkins Clinic of the Carolinas.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Bernardini graduated from Rush Medical College of Rush University Medical Center in 1975 and has been in practice for 43 years. He completed a residency at Hahnemann University Hospital. He currently practices at Reconstructive Orthopedics and is affiliated with Inspira Medical Center Vineland and South Jersey Health Care Center. Dr. Bernardini accepts multiple insurance plans including Aetna, Medicare and AmeriHealth. In addition to English, Dr. Bernardini's practice supports this language: Spanish.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He is a prestigious member of numerous professional organizations. He was appointed as an official consultant in the field of plastic surgery by NAVER.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Law is well known for his expertise in providing natural looking plastic surgery results. Dr. Law is the number one provider of Natrelle Breast Implants, Botox, and Juvederm in the Raleigh NC Triangle area. He has been awarded Black Diamond Status from Allergan he is in the top 1% of physicians providing Natrelle breast implants and other Allergan products in the nation.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Greg Finch has spent two years working with world leaders in spine surgery in USA and UK and Germany. His particular interests are minimally invasive spine surgery though he enjoys all aspects of spinal surgery.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He has performed more than 3,000 bariatric surgeries, including 1,000 gastric bypass procedures. As medical director of Healthy Weight Management & Bariatric Surgery, he oversees all of LG Health's weight loss programs and is supported by an experienced staff of registered dietitians, nurses, exercise physiologists and behavioral medicine specialists.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " His specialties, in addition to plastic surgery, include aesthetic plastic surgery, maxofacial surgery, and hand surgery. As Chief Scientific Officer for Global Stem Cells Group, Dr Hoyos is a frequently featured speaker and representative of GSCG in Miami and Colombia.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Ramakrishna treats patients with gliomas, metastatic disease, skull base lesions, and pituitary disorders. He employs advanced awake mapping, imaging techniques, and microsurgery to ensure maximal tumor removal and achieve the safest possible surgical outcomes. (Read more about Dr. Ramakrishna.)", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Kevin Ciresi has over 20 years of experience in the field of plastic surgery. Dr. Kevin Ciresi is a member of the Diplomate American Board of Plastic Surgery. Dr. Kevin Ciresi currently works at Kern Medical Center in Bakersfield, CA. Prior to Dr. Kevin Ciresi\u2019s current stint at Kern Medical Center, Dr. Kevin Ciresi worked at Danville/San Ramon Plastic Surgery Center where he practiced for 16 years.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He deals with Kidney Stones, Prostate, Sexual Dysfunction, Cancer of Genito Urinary Organs, Urinary Tract Infection and Kidney Transplant and other urological disorders.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Lundberg to coordinate excellent orthopedic patient care. Her responsibilities include assisting in surgery, hospital rounds, discharge planning, patient education, conducting history and physical exams, ordering and interpreting tests, and writing prescriptions.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " If conservative treatment is not an option, Dr McCready will meticulously explain to his patients about the procedure, using easy to understand, non-medical terminology. Dr McCready firmly believes that patients should have the tools to make informed decisions about any surgery and therefore puts a lot of emphasis on providing his patients with the knowledge and a clear understanding of the procedures, during consultations or follow up consultations.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She is a Clinical Assistant Professor of Pediatrics at the University of Pennsylvania\u2019s Perelman School of Medicine and serves on the board of the Education Law Center. Her 20 years of experience caring for urban families over multiple generations fuels her interest in interrupting the cycle of poverty by providing trauma-informed care, developing community partnerships, and interrupting the school-to-prison pipeline.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He prefers to deliver nonsurgical treatments, utilizing surgical methods that minimize intrusion to expedite recovery and healing when surgery is necessary. The treatment options Dr. Yakel offers include minimally invasive spinal fusion and decompression, complex spinal reconstruction, discectomy, artificial disc replacement, scoliosis correction, spinal cord stimulators, revision spine surgery, epidural injections, facet injections, and nerve blocks.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He obtained his Bachelor of Medicine, Surgery, and Science with Honours at the University of New South Wales in 1996, and gained Fellowship with the Royal Australasian College of Surgeons in 2006. He is a Fellow of the Australian Shoulder & Elbow Society.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Sheppard graduated from University of Florida College of Medicine in 1978 and has been in practice for 39 years. Dr. Sheppard also specializes in Hand Surgery. He currently practices at Robert Buttemiller MD and is affiliated with Banner University Medical Center South Campus. Dr. Sheppard accepts multiple insurance plans including Aetna, Medicare and Cigna. Dr. Sheppard also practices at University Physicians Healthcare Orthopaedics in Tucson, AZ.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She practices in Apopka, Florida and has the professional credentials of MD. The NPI Number for Dr. Alison J Mcdonald is 1447280557 and she holds a License No. ME90148 (Florida).", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " She is also Professor of Pediatrics and Emergency Medicine at George Washington University School of Medicine and Health Sciences. Dr. Atabaki\u2019s area of expertise is in concussion and knowledge translation.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " She earned her medical degree from Pontificia Universidad Catolica Madre Y Maestra in 1988. Dr. Roig-Cantisano completed her residency at Miami Children\u2019s Hospital in 1998.RESEARCH AND HIGHLIGHTS", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " She practices in Fargo, North Dakota and has the professional credentials of M.D.. The NPI Number for Dr. Beth A Honl is 1902978455 and she holds a License No. 7119 (North Dakota).", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " She practices in Pago Pago, American Samoa and has the professional credentials of MD. The NPI Number for Mrs. Luzviminda Adriano is 1174970552 and she holds a License No. 3087-C (American Samoa).", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Dr. Fretwell graduated from Georgetown University School of Medicine in 1990 and has been in practice for 28 years. He completed a residency at New York Presbyterian Hospital. He currently practices at TJH Medical Services PC and is affiliated with Jamaica Hospital Medical Center. Dr. Fretwell accepts multiple insurance plans including Aetna, MVP Health Plan and Medicare. Dr. Fretwell also practices at Patricia Burris-Warmoth MD in Flushing, NY. In addition to English, Dr. Fretwell's practice supports these languages: Spanish and French.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She graduated with a first class honours degree in medicine and genetics in relation to medicine at the University of Leeds in 1999. She then worked as a respiratory trainee in the South Yorkshire deanery. During this time she performed a PhD looking at the effects of air pollution in particular diesel particles on the airways. She has publications and reviews related to her PhD work and continued with her research interests as an NIHR Clinical lecturer.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " After completion of his medical degree at Charles University in Prague and getting licence to practice in 2000 at the consultant level, he was resident in France at Henri Poincare University, Nancy and Sophia Antipolis University, Nice and also at Hospital Boucicaut and Clinique Victor Hugo, Paris. Starting in July 2009, he began his surgical career in United Kingdom and worked there as a plastic surgeon for over 8 years. He decided to come back to Prague at the beginning of 2018 and chose Clinic of plastic surgery at ISCARE as a place where to continue providing his plastic surgery services. His areas of expertise are breast surgeries, aesthetic facial surgery and body contouring. He has almost 20 years of experience in fat transfers.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " In addition, he has interests in hip and knee arthritis, minimally invasive surgery for total hip and knee replacement, and computer-assisted navigation and pressure sensor applications for total hip and knee replacement. He believes in creating a partnership with each of his patients in order to achieve optimal treatment outcomes.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Stafford graduated from University of Texas Medical Branch School of Medicine in 1993 and has been in practice for 25 years. He completed a residency at University of Texas Health System. He currently practices at UT Physicians Orthopedics and is affiliated with Memorial Hermann Memorial City Hospital. Dr. Stafford accepts multiple insurance plans including Aetna, MHealth and Medicare. Dr. Stafford also practices at Memorial Bone & Joint Clinic in Houston, TX.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She received her medical degree from the State University of New York-Buffalo in 2008 and completed residency training in general pediatrics at the University of Utah. She is a member of the American Academy of Pediatrics. Her professional interests include children with special health care needs, especially obesity and nutrition, and general preventative medicine. In her free time, Dr. Szalkowski-Lehane can be found scrapbooking, hiking, and camping, often with her husband and daughter. She is currently welcoming new patients and accepts most insurance plans.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Dr. Fazalare graduated from West Virginia University School of Medicine in 2004 and has been in practice for 14 years. Dr. Fazalare also specializes in Sports Medicine. He currently practices at Uhc Orthopaedics and is affiliated with WVU Healthcare Ruby Memorial Hospital. Dr. Fazalare accepts multiple insurance plans including Aetna, Medicare and Humana. Dr. Fazalare also practices at Uhc Orthopaedics in Clarksburg, WV. In addition to English, Dr. Fazalare's practice supports this language: Spanish.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She employs alternative medicine as well as traditional medicine and serves the East Valley cities of Gilbert, Chandler, Scottsdale, Tempe, Apache Junction, Queen Creek, Phoenix, and even has some patients who travel from the West Valley!", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Dr. Foo Chek Siang practices at Clinic for Digestive Surgery Pte Ltd in Novena, Singapore. He completed MBBS from National University of Singapore, Singapore in 1997,MRCS (UK) from Royal College Of Surgeon Of Edinburgh, Uk and M Med (Gen Surg) from National University of Singapore, Singapore in 2004. He is a member of Obesity & Metabolic Surgery Society of Singapore. Some of the services provided by the doctor are: Benign Stomach and Gastrointestinal Tumour Surgery,Oesophageal and Stomach Cancer Surgery,Gastroscopy,Achalasia Surgery and Perianal Surgery etc.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He completed a residency at Indiana University. He currently practices at Indiana University Health Physicians and is affiliated with Richard L Roudebush VA Medical Center. In addition to English, Dr. Salfity's practice supports this language: Spanish.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He grew up in Los Angeles and attended the University of California Los Angeles for his undergraduate studies. He joined the United States Navy and completed medical school at the Uniformed Services University in Bethesda, Maryland. Dr. Saldua is a father of 4 (including twin toddler girls), so his spare time involves anything that includes his wife and children. The entire family is excited about being a part of The Vancouver Clinic and the Vancouver community.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He is licensed by the State Medical Board of Ohio and board-certified by the American Board of Surgery. His specialty interests include advanced laparoscopic surgery, gastrointestinal surgery, surgical endoscopy, and abdominal wall reconstruction.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Having practiced in the Washington D.C. area his entire career, Dr. Oldham is now a community fixture, caring for patients through a nearly endless number of cosmetic procedures and reconstructive procedures including skin enhancement treatments like injectable fillers (Radiesse, etc.), microdermabrasion, chemical peel, fat grafting, and Botox.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She completed her Bachelor\u2019s of Science in Biology and Zoology at the University of California Santa Barbara. She received her Master\u2019s degree in Physician Assistant studies from the Arizona School of Health Sciences in 2006.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " The recent past president of the American Herbalists Guild, a founder of the Yale Integrative Medicine program, and the author of seven books on natural medicine for women and children: Botanical Medicine for Women\u2019s Health; The Natural Pregnancy Book; Naturally Healthy Babies and Children; Natural Health after Birth; Vaccinations: A Thoughtful Parent\u2019s Guide; ADHD Alternatives (with her husband, Tracy Romm, EdD); and The Pocket Guide to Midwifery Care.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He says the 35th Annual ASAPS Meeting will focus on several hot topics such as practice management and operating room efficiencies, and will include the following presentations: \u201cThe Current Breast Implant Issues,\u201d \u201cThe Role of Autologous Fat Transfer/Grafting,\u201d and \u201cBody Contouring.\u201d Dr. Layt adds that a number of \u201cFree Papers,\u201d or presentations on trending topics, have already been included in the program, with more being added as the meeting approaches.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Xu Li Li practices at Ma Kuang Chinese Medicine & Research Centre Pte Ltd (Clementi) in Clementi, Singapore,Ma Kuang Chinese Medicine & Research Centre Pte Ltd (Ghim Moh) in Buona Vista, Singapore and Ma Kuang Chinese Medicine & Research Centre Pte Ltd (Nanyang) in Jurong, Singapore. Some of the services provided by the her are: Treatment for Respiratory Disorders,Pain Management Counseling,Back Pain Physiotherapy,Treatment for Urological Disorders and Menstrual Disorders etc.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He has extensive experience in the diagnosis and management of benign and malignant colorectal disease. His special interests in colorectal surgery include complex redo laparoscopic surgery and strategies to enable laparoscopic techniques in the obese. He has the largest Australian experience with the technique of Natural Orifice Specimen Extraction (NOSE) where colectomy can be performed with only four 5mm incisions. He performs routine and complex therapeutic colonoscopy. He is committed to innovations in surgery that minimise morbidity and perioperative suffering. He has been a Visiting Medical Officer (VMO) at the Orange Health Service and Dudley Private Hospital for 14 years and is also a VMO colorectal surgeon at the Liverpool Hospital.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She completed her undergraduate studies at The George Washington University in Washington, D.C., before earning a master of fine arts degree from Savannah College of Art and Design in Savannah, Georgia. Caryn later went into the medical field, completing her master of health science degree in physician assistant studies at South College in Knoxville, Tennessee.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He earned both his B.S. in Biology and his M.D. from the University of Nevada, and completed Plastic and Reconstructive Surgery residency at Baylor College of Medicine. He completed the Microsurgery Fellowship at Stanford and the Peripheral Nerve Fellowship at Washington University in St. Louis. His desire to advance the field of plastic and reconstructive surgery has led to dozens of publications, abstracts, and presentations in top journals and national conferences.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He has been searching for many years for a minimally invasive fat reduction procedure that he could be confident offered safe, effective and predictable results for his patients and CoolSculpting finally delivers. For more information or to arrange a consultation at his Cambridge CoolSculpting clinic, call 01223 214960.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She completed her residency in Obstetrics and Gynecology at the Institute of Obstetrics and Gynecology. Dr. Sakthi Velavan also further specialized as an Anatomist by completing an academic program of Masters in Surgery in the branch of Anatomy at Madras Medical College, India.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " She has been an outspoken advocate for alternative healing and spiritual pursuits most of her adult life, and has appeared as a guest on The Oprah Winfrey Show twice to share aspects of this message.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " She has published articles on the respiratory system and nutrition. She has earned a Doctor of Medicine from University of Medicine and a Bachelor of Arts in nutritional sciences from Rutgers University.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Dr. Morgan understands integrative approaches to regenerative medicine through the eyes of Traditional Oriental Medicine. Her background offers ICRMTM unique contributions in both the instruction and development of regenerative methods obtained through Meridian Therapy.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " His clinical interests are in critical care and liver transplant. In addition to liver failure and pneumonia, he also treats conditions like severe sepsis with multi-organ failure and provides care for ventilator-dependent and post-liver transplant patients.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Andriana received her bachelor of science in Physician Assistant Studies from St. John University. Andriana has experience in both medical and cosmetic dermatology and has a passion for providing excellent patient care. Andriana is a member of American Academy of Physician Assistants and the New York State Society of Physician Assistants.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " She has actively practiced yoga for more than fifteen years and has completed both 200-hour and 500-hour teacher trainings. Dr. Rosenberg teaches yoga primarily \u201cbeyond the mat,\u201d helping individuals and groups to apply the principles and practice of yoga to their daily lives and to support their overall health and well-being, to achieve success, and to become more effective leaders. She lives in Connecticut and Florida. Find out more on the web at http://www.julierosenbergmd.com.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He is the founder of a community dental program for orphans in the slums of India and has worked with BFL since 2010. He is a recognised mentor and trainer of post-graduates and has a special interest in Periodontology.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " His differential lies in the comprehensive knowledge of other surgical areas, in addition to plastic surgery. Dedication and perfectionism are his main characteristics, working together with his team, developing an individualized treatment plan to improve natural characteristics or correct problems related to face, nose, body contour and breasts. Performed medical residency in plastic surgery in S\u00e3o Paulo \u2013 Brazil at \u201cHospital do Servidor Estadual\u201d, a giant in Latin America, responsible for the care of approximately 3 million users and with a total of patients per resident of the most ideal in the world. This institution is now consecrated as one of the best and most popular schools of plastic surgery in Brazil.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He is an exceptionally kind and caring doctor who always puts the patient first and who carefully studies all the evidence before undertaking surgery.\u201d", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " After earning a Bachelor's degree from Swarthmore College in Pennsylvania and a medical degree from Duke University School of Medicine, Dr. Bryan completed her internship and residency at The Mount Sinai Medical Center in New York City.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Mr Younis has special interests in colorectal oncology, Inflammatory Bowel Disease, pouch construction, Diverticular Disease and Pelvic Floor surgery. He is a graduate of the Royal College of Surgeons in Ireland. Mr Younis has a certificate of completion of training in General and Colorectal surgery from East Anglia and Cambridge. He has also been awarded the Intercollegiate Fellowship (FRCSI) in General Surgery with specialist interest in Colorectal Surgery.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He has been named a Top Doctor in The New York Times Magazine and currently serves as the Associate Clinical Professor of Plastic Surgery at Mount Sinai Hospital. Dr. Broumand is available for interview upon request.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She has training in Cervical Health and treatment from the Whittington Hospital NHS trust in London, United Kingdom in April 2010 and a certificate in Minor Surgery from the Royal College of General Practitioners in 2012. She also holds a certificate in Occupational Health and safety and internal auditing based on OHSAS specification from Tatweer International in 2013 and a Masters of public health from The University of Lagos.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Her research is supported by the nonprofit Multidisciplinary Association for Psychedelic Studies (MAPS). Dr. Sisley serves as the Site Principal Investigator for the first-ever DEA and FDA approved randomized controlled trial of whole plant marijuana (grown by the National Institute of Drug Abuse or NIDA) for post-traumatic stress disorder (PTSD) in U.S. veterans. As a Co-Investigator of the overall randomized, blinded, placebo-controlled study and Site PI, she oversees treatment of half the subjects, with the other half being treated at Johns Hopkins University in Baltimore.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Watch Dr. Abrams answer questions patients ask him the most. Click on \u201cshow more\u201d below to display the entire list of questions, then click on a specific quest", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He subspecialises in arthroscopic sports surgery of the shoulder, knee, hip and elbow. He is also trained to perform knee, shoulder and elbow joint replacements..", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " For many years, customers have visited his practice from all throughout the Dominican Republic and the United States Of America and neighboring countries. He has earned a very good reputation due to his reliability, experience, and outstanding results.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He was born in Palestine and moved to the UAE when he was still a child. He lived in a family with eight brothers and sisters, all of who work at extremely prestigious positions within the\u2026", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He earned his medical degree from The University of Tennessee and completed his neurosurgical residency at The University of Tennessee Health Science Center in 1985. Read More", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He treats patients with knee disorders and specializes in knee arthroscopy and total knee and hip arthroplasty, a procedure that involves replacing a damaged joint with a metal, plastic or ceramic device designed to create the movement of a normal, healthy joint.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He works closely with naturalists, bird-keepers, biologists, conservationist, and members of both the medical and veterinary professions. With his wife, Margaret E. Cooper, a lawyer, he has lived overseas for ten years, mainly in Africa. In Britain he is primarily a diagnostic pathologist, concentrating on wildlife an exotic species. He has postgraduate and specialist qualifications in tropical veterinary medicine, biology, comparative pathology and avian medicine. He holds appointments at several academic institutions in Europe and Africa. Author of many books and papers, he has a particular interest in promoting veterinary educations, conservation and both human and animal welfare in a global context.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He was selected for an FAA-mandated random drug test, to be performed by a company called LabCorp. Pasternack arrived at the testing site, provided urine, but LabCorp told him that he hadn\u2019t provided enough and had to wait. Pasternack was supposed to see a patient soon, though, so he asked whether he could leave and come back. There was no objection. Pasternack left, returned three hours later, and provided a urine sample that tested negative. Later, though, LabCorp determined that when Pasternack left to see a patient, it counted as a \u201crefusal to test.\u201d", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " In private practice since 1995, Dr. Pratt operates in a state-of-the-art, accredited ambulatory surgery center and has the experience, training and qualifications necessary to deliver beautiful and natural-looking results. Dr. Pratt's peers in the Washington Society of Plastic Surgeons recently awarded him with the \"Golden Scalpel\" for his exceptional work in reconstructive plastic surgery, and he was also voted one of the Seattle area\u2019s favorite plastic surgeons. Patients choose Dr. Pratt not only for his stunning work, but also for his warm, compassionate and sensitive nature.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She graduated with an MD from Temple University in Philadelphia and completed her internship and residency at Medical College of Georgia in Augusta. Dr. Walker is now the medical director of the Dr. Valerie Walker Medical Center in St. Louis, where she practices holistic, traditional, and spiritual healing methods on more than six thousand patients. Walker is an in-demand public speaker who tours nation-wide, captivating her audiences with her wit, knowledge, and humor. She hosts her own TV show, House Calls with Dr. Valerie Walker, and her hobbies include playing the piano and electric bass and collecting Barbie dolls.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " She practices in Anchorage, Alaska and has the professional credentials of MD. The NPI Number for Dr. Mary J Wright is 1134291503 and she holds a License No. 126936 (Alaska).", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " A traditional practitioner turned pioneer of regenerative and integrated medicine, Dr. Hall foresees a future where \u201caverage\u201d and \u201cnormal\u201d are no longer acceptable standards of health. Instead, she strives to help clients achieve optimal health and actively prevent disease without the use of pharmaceutical drugs when appropriate. She established The Hall Center in Santa Monica, California, as a practice focused exclusively on regenerative medicine. A firm believer in probing deeper into the root causes of conditions and diseases rather than simply treating their symptoms, Dr. Hall is dedicated to helping her clients achieve an unprecedented state of vitality at any age.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " She served as an associate poetry editor for Connotation Press- an Online Artifact, and interviewed authors for Scissors and Spackle. At present, she is interviewer extraordinaire for Emerge Literary Journal Publications. Her poetry and prose have recently appeared in Thrice Fiction, Conclave: a Journal of Character, The Bookends Review, Santa Fe Literary Review, Menacing Hedge, Otoliths,Paper Nautilus, Escape into Life, and several anthologies. She lives in Essen, Germany.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " From Bogota Colombia He earned his medical degree at the University of Rosario and completed his residency in plastic surgery at Rosario \u2013 Saint Joseph Hospital in Bogot\u00e1, Colombia. Dr. Hoyos designed the Vaser High Definition Technique for Lipoplasty (VHD). This refined liposuction procedure introduces an esthetic extraction mixture for superficial fat, deep fat, intermediate fat, and combined fat grafting using the VASER technology to produce muscle definition in men and women. Dr. Hoyos and colleagues have performed more than 2,500 procedures VHD with predictable, consistent, and reliable results.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " His special interest is in complex cervical spine surgery. Whenever possible, he offers minimally invasive surgical techniques, which help avoid complications and reduce patient recovery times. He also has extensive experience in nerve decompression surgery and complex spinal reconstruction. Dr. Mikhael works with each patient to explore conservative treatment options before pursuing surgery. His goal for each patient is to increase their ability to engage in the activities they enjoy while reducing their pain and discomfort. He keeps informed of the latest developments in his field through his work as a manuscript reviewer for the journal [...]", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Allegretto graduated from Northeast Ohio Medical University in 1987 and has been in practice for 31 years. He completed a residency at University of Pittsburgh Medical Center. He currently practices at Joseph Forrest Allegretto MD and is affiliated with Memorial Hospital of Converse County and Mountain View Regional Hospital. Dr. Allegretto accepts multiple insurance plans including Aetna, Medicare and Cigna. Dr. Allegretto also practices at Mark Gregory Murphy MD in Douglas, WY.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He received his training at the Long Island Plastic Surgery Group, the largest and oldest private practice group in America. Dr. Layke is Double Board Certified by the American College of Surgeons in General Surgery and the American Board of Plastic Surgery.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He specialises in burns treatment and is the head of Westmead\u2019s Burns Unit, which cares for approximately 1200 children each year. He has a special interest in laser therapy for the management of burns scars and has played an instrumental role in introducing this as a treatment option for burns patients.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She joined Clayton Dermatology Group in 2014, with over 15 years of prior dermatology experience in Indiana, Iowa, South Carolina, and Florida. She practices medical dermatology and is accepting new patients of all ages.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Dr. Fleming graduated from University of Alabama School of Medicine in 1979 and has been in practice for 39 years. He completed a residency at University of Louisville School of Medicine. He currently practices at Philip E Fleming MD and is affiliated with TriStar Centennial Medical Center, Saint Thomas Midtown Hospital and St Thomas West Hospital. Dr. Fleming accepts multiple insurance plans including Aetna, Medicare and Humana.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " For several years, individuals have went to his practice from all through the entire Dominican Republic and also the U . S . and surrounding countries. He's earned a really good reputation because of his professionalism, experience, and outstanding results.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Whitworth says that monitoring those taking prescription drugs is the key to detecting dependency. Indiana is now using electronic systems like INSPECT to monitor those taking prescription drugs. Dr. Whitworth is a physician at Advanced Pain Management Surgery.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Among his many achievements, he is the founder and director of the Domiciliary Hospitalization Unit of the La Fe University Hospital in Valencia from 1989 to 1991. He is a specialist in Plastic, Aesthetic and Reconstructive Surgery by opposition MIR at the Hospital de Bellvitge de Barcelona. The doctor has been Head of the Plastic Surgery Unit of the Pilar Clinic of Barcelona for 15 years and currently works as a Plastic Surgeon in the VITHAS-NISA Hospital 9 de Octubre de Valencia.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She earned her medical degree from Albert Einstein College of Medicine in 1993. Dr. Lau completed her residency at Mallinckrodt Institute of Radiology in 1997 and continued on to conduct her fellowship at the institution the following year.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He is cleared by the American Board of Facial Plastic and Reconstructive Surgery, and the American Board of Plastic Surgery. Dr Mark aims at providing high-quality reconstructive surgery services to his patients. His peers have high regard for his work ethic and artistic skills. Dr Mark attended Harvard University and graduated magna cum laude with his undergraduate degree. He finished his general and plastic surgery training from The John Hopkins University School of Medicine. Dr Mark provides his services in several hospitals.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He specializes in cosmetic eyelid surgery, otoplasty, facelifts, and rhinoplasty procedures. Dr. Griffin received his medical degree from the University of Virginia before completing his head and neck surgery residency training at the University of Michigan. He then went on to the University of Southern California and Cedars-Sinai Hospital for his fellowship in facial plastic and reconstructive surgery.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She practices in Anchorage, Alaska and has the professional credentials of MD. The NPI Number for Susan Bertrand is 1285627869 and she holds a License No. 5168 (Alaska).", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He graduated from the University of Michigan Medical School in Ann Arbor, Michigan. He has had academic appointments to Michigan State University and University of Mississippi. His interests are in total joint reconstruction and trauma. In his free time, he enjoys playing tennis.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " His CareDash rating is 5.0 out of 5 by one patient, and he has one review. Dr. Fasano is affiliated with Avron H Lipschitz MD Plastic Surgery LLC in Stuart. Public records indicate that he received $3,175 in payments from medical companies between 2014 and 2017, which is more than a majority (83%) of plastic surgeons nationally. Dr. Fasano graduated from Dartmouth Medical School in 1985. He is licensed to practice by the state board in Florida (61260).", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He strives to provide the finest medical care possible, and to improve both the inner and outer well-being of patients. Dr. Cabrera has been featured in the Guide to America's Top Surgeons and Guide to America's Top Plastic Surgeons numerous times and has authored over 20 textbook chapters and clinical scientific research articles, presenting his findings at national events.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Scarcella graduated from Case Western Reserve University School of Medicine in 1988 and has been in practice for 29 years. He completed a residency at Mount Sinai Medical Center. He currently practices at Cleveland Clinic Medina Hospital and is affiliated with Medina General Hospital. Dr. Scarcella accepts multiple insurance plans including Aetna, Blue Cross Blue Shield of Michigan and Medical Mutual of Ohio. Dr. Scarcella also practices at Cleveland Clinic Strongville Primary Care in Strongsville, OH. In addition to English, Dr. Scarcella's practice supports this language: Spanish.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He excels in helping patients return to activity with comprehensive treatment plans. When surgery is necessary, he prefers to use less invasive procedures for patient benefit.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Murphy received his medical degree from UNC School of Medicine and completed his residency in orthopedic surgery at the UNC Department of Orthopaedics.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He currently lives in Providence, Rhode Island, where he serves as a Professor at Brown University as well as Vice Chairman at the Warren Alpert Medical School.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " His accredited day surgery in Merivale, Christchurch offers a range of plastic and reconstructive surgeries, tailored for his patients, with a focus on best possible care and outcomes.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She is a graduate of the Medical University of South Carolina PhysicianAssistant program. Prior to becoming a Physician Assistant Wendy practiced as a Registered Dietitian who owned her own company providing Nutrition Care Services to long-term care facilities, hospitals and dialysis center.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Dr. Hammoudeh completed his residency in plastic and reconstructive surgery at the world-renowned Mayo Clinic in Rochester, MN. After moving to Los Angeles, he completed a fellowship dedicated exclusively to advanced aesthetic plastic surgery through the University of Southern California (USC). During his fellowship he trained with Dr. Grant Stevens as well as national and international leaders in rhinoplasty and nasal reconstruction. He performs a high volume of rhinoplasty, face, breast, and body plastic surgery.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He currently averages over 250 hip and knee joint replacement surgeries per year. His expertise includes, anterior hip replacements, patient matched knee replacements, uni-compartmental knee replacements, arthroscopy procedures and trauma reconstruction. He offers some of the newest technologies including minimally invasive techniques, MAKO ROBOTIC surgeries for Anterior Hip Replacement and Partial Knee Resurfacing, and Computer Assisted Total Knee Arthroplasty.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Hader received his undergraduate degree from Mercyhurst College, Pennsylvania, in 1987. In 1994, he moved to the University of Saskatchewan to complete his medical degree. Before moving to Calgary, Dr. Hader obtained his residency at the University of British Columbia (2000), and his fellowship from the University of Toronto in 2001. Dr. Hader's research currently focuses on the determinants of health in children with hydrocephalus, the surgical treatment of temporal lobe epilepsy in the intra-operative MR setting, and neuropsychological and visual consequences of selective amygdalo-hippocampectomies versus standard temporal lobectomies for intractable epilepsy. Clinically, Dr. Hader specializes in epilepsy and paediatric neurosurgery.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. McGowin graduated from University of Alabama School of Medicine in 1983 and has been in practice for 35 years. He completed a residency at University of South Alabama Health System. He currently practices at The Orthopaedic Group, PC and is affiliated with Mobile Infirmary Medical Center. Dr. McGowin accepts multiple insurance plans including Aetna, Blue Cross Blue Shield of Alabama and Medicare. Dr. McGowin also practices at The Orthopaedic Group, PC in Mobile, AL. In addition to English, Dr. McGowin's practice supports these languages: Spanish and French.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He is MD from the Medical College of Ohio and a Resident of Plastic Surgery from the University of Florida. Certified by the American Board of Plastic Surgery, he is a member of American Society of Plastic Surgeons. Dr. Vonu has hospital affiliations at Mary Immaculate Hospital.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He is one of the key organizers for the successful Alberta Coal Phase Out campaign.He currently sits on the boards of the Canadian Association of Physicians for the Environment, and the Alberta Wilderness Association.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " She graduated from the University of North Dakota School of Medicine and completed her residency in Bismarck at UND Center for Family Medicine. She spends part of her week practicing at Standing Rock Indian Health Service. She grew up on a ranch in Minot ND, spending most of her days riding and training horses along with following the rodeo trail. She is Board Certified by the American Board of Family Medicine and has been licensed to practice medicine in North Dakota.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " She grew up in Winnipeg, Manitoba and recently relocated to beautiful metro Vancouver with her husband and daughter. She completed her Medical Degree and Family Residency training at the University of Manitoba where she served as Co-Chief Resident. She was a clinical instructor in the Department of Family at the University of Manitoba teaching both medical students and residents from 2012-2016. Currently, she provides full scope primary care, intrauterine device insertions and minor surgical procedures at Able Care Medical Clinic. She is a clinical instructor at UBC\u2019s Department of Family Medicine providing mentorship to first year medical students. She enjoys the diversity and complexity that Family Medicine provides on a day-to-day basis.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " She practices in South Charleston, West Virginia and has the professional credentials of PA-C. The NPI Number for Mrs. Ashley Ebersole Mellert is 1750734661 and she holds a License No. 1994 (West Virginia).", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He is skilled in robotic treatments for prostate, bladder and kidney cancer, as well as minimially invasive treatments for kidney stones, lower urinary tract symptoms and erectile dysfunction.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " This is one of the largest Breast Units in the UK and also one of the busiest breast screening units, receiving referrals from across Greater Manchester and the North West.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He is a man alone and full of mystery, appearing in operating rooms to fulfill his tasks, while charging millions for his secret operations. He now is faced with his most difficult task to date and must challenge the limits of medical science... before it's too late!", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Anile completed a PhD in cardio-angio-thoracic physiopathology and was appointed Assistant Professor in 2009; he is currently Associate Professor of Thoracic Surgery. He has a particular interest in chest oncology, respiratory insufficiency, and lung transplantation. He is a member of European Society of Thoracic Surgeons and has been an invited lecturer at a number of national and international congresses. Dr. Anile is an editorial board member or reviewer for various scientific journals. He has authored more than 100 scientific papers and several book chapters.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " His practice is mainly foot and ankle surgery, ranging from trauma, athletic injuries, arthritis, and deformities. Despite being in private practice, he is still actively involved in professional societies, research, and mentorship. Along with two colleagues, this passion for mentoring has led to the development of Orthomentor, an online platform to help guide students through the residency application process. When not practicing medicine, he enjoys spending time with his wife Liz.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She has been practicing from the last 18 years. She is passionate about her work as a Homeopathic doctor and is also passionate about cooking,(other blogs) equity markets and quest into spirituality. All the four have now become an integral part of her life!", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Fin was born with a rare set of defects in his front leg. His shoulder blade was deformed, and the muscles that move the shoulder were missing. He also had deformed leg bones: his radius was missing, his ulna was too short, and his foot was at the side of the ulna instead of the end where is should be.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He completed a residency at West Virginia Univiversity. He currently practices at Consultants in Neurological Surgery and is affiliated with Kendall Regional Medical Center, Baptist Hospital of Miami and Doctors Hospital Baptist Health. Dr. Traina accepts multiple insurance plans including Aetna, Medicare and Humana. In addition to English, Dr. Traina's practice supports these languages: Spanish and French.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Most recently, Dr. Crandall completed a complex and minimally invasive spine surgery fellowship at the University of Miami Department of Neurosurgery. Before that, he served as chief resident in neurosurgery at both the University of Maryland Medical Center and the VA Hospital in Baltimore.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She works as a scientist, psychologist and AIDS activist and since 2001 has been at the University of Miami, studying psychosocial factors of long-term survival with HIV.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He received his training at the Long Island Plastic Surgery Group, the largest and oldest private practice group in America. Dr. Layke is board certified by the American Board of Surgery and the American Board of Plastic Surgery.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She has founded a free medical clinic in a homeless shelter accompanied three medical mission teams to Honduras, and led a non-profit clinic for the uninsured in its growth from a 4-hour per week all-volunteer operation to a full-time, full-service medical center.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Dr. Tutorino graduated from University of Missouri Kansas City School of Medicine in 1997 and has been in practice for 21 years. He completed a residency at University of Missouri Kansas City School of Medicine. Dr. Tutorino also specializes in Sports Medicine. He currently practices at Orthopaedics Sports Medicine of Central and is affiliated with Florida Hospital Altamonte. Dr. Tutorino accepts multiple insurance plans including Aetna, Medicare and Humana. In addition to English, Dr. Tutorino's practice supports this language: Spanish.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He is a specialist in the arthroscopic treatment of sports injuries and trained directly under Dr. Frank Jobe, the founder of the \u2018Tommy John\u2019 procedure and one of the pioneers in shoulder and elbow surgery in overhead athletes. Dr. Hackett also has completed additional training in the management of musculoskeletal trauma and fracture management at Harbourview hospital in Seattle. of the \u2018Tommy John\u2019 procedure and one of the pioneers in shoulder and elbow surgery in.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She is originally from Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. She graduated Magna Cum Laude from Washington & Jefferson College in Washington, Pennsylvania in 2012 with a degree in Biology. She went on to earn her master\u2019s degree in Physician Assistant Studies at Seton Hill University in Greensburg, Pennsylvania.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Ron joined Family Practice Center in 2006 and currently works in Hughesville. </p> <p><strong>Education:</strong></p> <ul> <li>MS &ndash; Physician Assistant Studies, University of Nebraska Medical Center, Omaha, NE </li> <li>BS &ndash; Health Associate Program, The Johns Hopkins University, Baltimore, MD</li> <li>BS &ndash; Biology, Towson State University, Towson, MD</li> </ul> <p><strong>Certification: </strong></p> <ul> <li>National Commission on Certification&nbsp;of Physician Assistants (NCCPA)</li> </ul> <p><strong>Hospital Affiliation:</strong></p> <ul> <li>SHS / Muncy Valley Hospital, Muncy, PA</li> </ul>", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Lecturer in the Department of Family and Community Medicine at the University of Toronto. He is also the Medical Director of the Valleyview Long Term Care facility in Toronto, as well as attending physician, Seniors' Health Centre, North York General Hospital, and active staff, and member of Department of Family and Community medicine Executive Board, North York General hospital, Toronto. In addition he is a Member, Continuing Medical Education Committee, North York General Hospital in Toronto.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Dr. McLaughlin believes everyone can take the core principles behind brain surgery and apply them to any of life\u2019s problems. In his upcoming book, Outthinking Fear, Dr. McLaughlin discusses ...\u2026", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Radley currents works in St. George, Utah. Dr. Radley is a patient advocate! Dr. Radley tries to treat the whole patient and wants the patient to be an active part in their medical decision making. She is passionate about educating patients on their healthcare. Dr. Radley also enjoys being a physician advocate to help other physicians navigate issues in the healthcare industry and practice management. Dr. Radley is very family oriented and her greatest joy comes from spending time with her three children and the love of her life, her husband Robb.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He is a member of the American Society of Plastic Surgeons (ASPS) as well as the American Society for Aesthetic Plastic Surgery (ASAPS), a select group of plastic surgeons who have attained high levels of achievement in cosmetic surgery training, education, and experience, and is also a member of the International Society of Aesthetic Plastic Surgery (ISAPS).", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Peters' plastic surgery practice offers a wide range of cosmetic plastic surgery services. He performs plastic surgery procedures of the body such as, brachioplasty (armlift), thigh or buttock lift, traditional and ultrasonic liposuction, and plastic surgery of the breasts such as breast augmentation, breast lift, and breast reduction. Dr. Peters also offers cosmetic plastic surgery of the face including blepharoplasty, facelift, browlift, chin augmentation, and rhinoplasty.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Ms. Davidson was born and raised in Harlingen, Texas. She attended Texas Tech University, where she obtained a Bachelor of Science degree in biology with a minor in chemistry. She fulfilled her goal of a career in the medical field by earning her Masters of Science degree in Physician Assistant Studies at The University of Texas-Pan American at Edinburg, TX in 2013. During her career, Ms. Davidson has practiced medicine in the clinical setting, but she also has experience with home medical visits, nursing home care, including long-term and post-acute care, and being the healthcare provider for a juvenile detention center. She strives to enhance her skills and remain updated on the newest medical knowledge. She has been a member of Texas Academy of Physician Assistants, American Academy of Physician Assistants, and Association of Family Practice PAs.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He obtained a Bachelor of Science from the University of Durban \u2013 Westville in 1973 and Bachelor of Medicine and Bachelor of Surgery in 1978 from the University of Natal.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " She earned her bachelor's degree in medical laboratory science from the University of New Hampshire in Durham, New Hampshire. She went on to earn her master of science degree in physician assistant studies from Massachusetts College of Pharmacy and Health Sciences in Manchester, New Hampshire. Shannan is certified by the National Commission on Certification of Physician Assistants.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He said he encounters shortages in his work every day. Musa, who has worked as a surgeon for 31 years, said equipment in Iraqi hospitals is hopelessly outdated.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Casey graduated from Tufts University School of Medicine in 1988 and has been in practice for 30 years. He completed a residency at St Elizabeths Medical Center. He currently practices at Speare Memorial Hospital and is affiliated with Speare Memorial Hospital. Dr. Casey accepts multiple insurance plans including Aetna, Harvard Pilgrim and Tufts Health Plan. Dr. Casey also practices at George W Costello MD in Wolfeboro, NH.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " His most recent book, \u201cPause and Reverse\u201d is available on Amazon. Brett lives in Long Island City with his wife and son Hugo (age 3). For more information on Dr Kotlus visit \u2013 https://drkotlus.com", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He is currently Vice-Chancellor of The Tamilnadu Dr.M.G.R. Medical University, Chennai. Prof. Mayil Vahanan Natarajan has revolutionized the treatment of patients with bone cancer by introducing the technology of Custom Mega Prosthesis in Bone Tumours in Tamil Nadu as early as 1988. He was instrumental in establishing a Bone Bank in the Government General Hospital, Chennai which is the first of its kind in India to cater to the need of bone cancer and orthopaedic patients. Dr. Mayil Vahanan is the recipient of many awards and honours. These include Dr.B.C.Roy National Award and Padma Shri Award.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He has certification from the the American Board of Plastic Surgery (ABPS) and the American Board of Facial Plastic and Reconstructive Surgery (AAFPRS). Dr. Mofid\u2019s practice is located in La Jolla.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He obtained his MD from the Harvard University and a board certified Surgeon by the American Board of Otolaryngology and American Board of Plastic Surgery. Dr. Clayman is also the member of American Society for Aesthetic Plastic Surgery (ASAPS).", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Mr Price undertook specialist training in Manchester, Adelaide and Melbourne and is the lead plastic surgeon for head & neck reconstruction in Cambridgeshire.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He is the holder of the Betty and Warren Woodward Chair in Plastic and Reconstructive Surgery and Professor and Chairman of the Department of Plastic Surgery at the University of Texas Southwestern Medical Center. He is the Director of the Clinical Center for Cosmetic Laser Treatment, Medical Director for the Department of Plastic Surgery, and the Residency Program Director. His clinical practice is located at the Outpatient Building on the UT Southwestern Medical Center Campus.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " When she notices that a need is unfilled, she often jumps in to fill that unique gap in the market. An anesthesiologist herself, she and her husband started a thriving maternity active wear company with very little experience in fashion and almost no initial investment. Her social media experience gained through marketing her active wear line has helped her become an expert in social media, and she has taken that know-how to teach physicians how to use social media. Dr. Stiegler is regularly invited to speak and give workshops, and, always looking to explore the latest trends in social media, she has launched a course on the new platform Facebook Live.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " She graduated from Acadia in 1976 with a Bachelor of Science in Biology and then again in 1977 with an Honours degree. Joni attended medical school at Dalhousie and has received a Diploma in Tropical Medicine from the London School of Tropical Medicine and Hygiene.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He obtained a PhD in neuroregeneration, and was awarded the Hallett Prize medal from the Royal College of Surgeons, London. His clinical interests include complex spine surgery, spinal tumours, skull base tumours and craniocervical junction surgery. He holds an academic post at the UCL Institute of Neurology, and was awarded a prestigious research grant from the European Research Council in 2009.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He was born in Poughkeepsie, N.Y. He received his medical training at Case Western Reserve University School of Medicine and went on to complete residencies in General Surgery, Plastic Surgery and fellowship training in Pediatric Plastic Surgery as well as Hand and Microsurgery through the University of Pittsburgh Medical Center. He was a part of the ground breaking Face Transplant done at the Cleveland Clinic. His special interests include breast surgery; micro surgery, cosmetic injectable fillers, such as hyaluronic acid; and Botox\u00ae. Additional interests include vein treatment (sclerotherapy), pediatric plastic surgery and cosmetic ear surgery (otoplasty).", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She is a contributing writer-editor of works on justice and bioethics, a member of the National Writers Union (UAW 1981/AFL-CIO) and the International Federation of Journalists. Her debut novel is Chasing Mercury.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Dr. Stothert graduated from Saint Louis University School of Medicine in 1974 and has been in practice for 44 years. He completed a residency at St Louis University Hospital. Dr. Stothert also specializes in Critical Care Medicine and Surgical Critical Care. He currently practices at University of Nebraska Medical Center and is affiliated with Omaha VA Medical Center. Dr. Stothert accepts multiple insurance plans including Medicare, Humana and Cigna. Dr. Stothert also practices at Nebraska Medical Center in Omaha, NE. In addition to English, Dr. Stothert's practice supports this language: Spanish.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He practices in Rapid City, South Dakota and has the professional credentials of . The NPI Number for Loyal Tillotson is 1043256936 and he holds a License No. 4783 (South Dakota).", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Joseph\u2019s Hospital and Medical Center. She is board certified by the American Board of Internal Medicine. Dr. Kapoor is caring, compassionate, personable and professional physician and believes in high quality patient care.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " As an admired and respected member of his community, he has carved a space for himself and his wife, Sihem, at the crossroads of two troubled societies. Jaafari\u2019s world is abruptly shattered when Sihem is killed in a suicide bombing.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Hubert received her bachelor\u2019s degree in molecular and cellular biology with an emphasis on neurobiology from the University of California, Berkeley. She completed her medical degree at the Western University of Health Sciences, where she was one of the top graduates in her class. She completed a residency at Huntington Memorial Hospital/USC Keck School of Medicine and a fellowship at Stanford University School of Medicine.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He is certified in pediatric surgery as well as adult surgery. He was named as \u201cAmerica\u2019s Top Doctor\u201d for seven years in a row by Castle Connolley. Dr. Holterman\u2019s list of education and experience is extensive, and it is easy to call him one of the leading experts in the field of pediatric medicine, surgery, and immunology.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Uzma Afzal's training included a range of specialties at Kings County Hospital, Long Island Jewish Hospital, Lutheran Hospital, Woodhull hospital and Downstate a medical Center. Since graduating, PA Afzal worked with private outpatient pediatrics office affiliated with New York Methodist Hospital in Brooklyn, New York. She had been a part of this practice for 6 years prior. PA Afzal is a clinical coordinator for physician assistant program at SUNY Downstate medical center. PA Afzal is a mother of three young boys and connects well with other parents. She speaks Urdu, Hindi and Punjabi fluently.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " But she\u2019s also a nutritionist, and, during her final years of medical studies she was diagnosed with cancer \u2014 a stage IV cancer of the thyroid. Madhuri decided to invest all her talent as a researcher and clinician in the task of getting well, and she rapidly arrived at the conclusion that nutritional change could significantly improve her response to her cancer treatment.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " She received her Bachelor\u2019s degree from University of Southern California and earned her Masters of Science while completing medical school at American University of the Caribbean School of Medicine. Dr. Good completed her pediatrics training and chief residency at Children\u2019s Hospital of Illinois at the University of Illinois School of Medicine and completed her Neonatal-Perinatal Medicine and post-doctoral fellowship at Children\u2019s Hospital of Pittsburgh and University of Pittsburgh School of Medicine. Apart from research, she enjoys taking care of babies in the NICU and in her free time, she enjoys traveling with her husband.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " A native Virginian, Dr. Sundin\u2019s impressive academic background includes an undergraduate degree in Biology from Georgetown University, where he graduated Magna Cum Laude and was inducted into the Phi Beta Kappa honor society.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He is a graduate of the University of Illinois College of Medicine at Chicago. Dr. Buckingham trained at a hospital affiliated with the University of Cincinnati for his residency. His clinical interests include neurosurgery and spine surgery procedures. His average rating from his patients is 4.5 stars out of 5. He accepts Medicare insurance. Dr. Buckingham is affiliated with the University of Michigan (U-M) Health System.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Previte offers open and arthroscopic treatments for knee, ankle, shoulder and elbow conditions. He has also repairs knee and ankle cartilage injuries with articular cartilage implantation and meniscal transplantation. He has more than 30 years of medical experience.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He has published many techniques related to aesthetic breasts surgery, both for primary and corrective procedures. He had published over 50 peer reviewed articles and had given more than 150 oral presentations in different continents. He is a reviewer of many peer reviewed journals too", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He provides excellent comprehensive care for shoulder and knee conditions. In the shoulder, his expertise includes caring for rotator cuff injuries, labral tears, and degenerative arthritis. For the knee, Dr. Garelick provides a wide spectrum of care ranging from ligament injuries and meniscal tears to total knee replacement. He performs most of his surgeries arthroscopically and with other minimally invasive techniques which accelerate healing and help to diminish pain. Dr. Garelick is active in resident and fellowship education, serving as a faculty member of the University of Illinois Orthopaedic Sports Medicine fellowship as well as the Primary Care Sports Medicine Fellowship through Presence Resurrection Medical Center. He has also [...]", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Shah is fully dedicated to improving access to care and pain-free treatment to all patients and is recognized for his minimally invasive techniques and non-surgical treatments that has proven to reduce post-operative pain and recovery time for them. He also specializes in complex primary and revision hip and knee replacements. Hip conditions that Dr. Roshan ...", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Bay area patients continually select Dr. Aguiar for his skill and expertise in all areas of cosmetic surgery, plastic & reconstructive surgerya. Dr. Aguiar earned his medical degree at the University of Iowa\u2019s College of Medicine in 1991, completed his General Surgery residency at the University of Iowa Hospitals and Clinics, his Plastic Surgery residency at Indiana University Medical Center, and his Hand Surgery residency at the University of South Florida in Tampa.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He is affiliated with UF Health Shands Hospital and is an Assistant Professor at University of .Property valuation of Anchor, Orange Cove, CA: 804, 812, 824, 832, 835, 842, 855, 866, 875, .", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Bianchi graduated from University of Florida College of Medicine in 1991 and has been in practice for 27 years. He completed a residency at Carraway Methodist Medical Center. Dr. Bianchi also specializes in Trauma Surgery. He currently practices at Surgical Associates and is affiliated with Florida Hospital Memorial Medical Center. Dr. Bianchi accepts multiple insurance plans including Aetna, Medicare and Humana. Dr. Bianchi also practices at Halifax Pathology Associates in Daytona Beach, FL.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " During his years in practice he has seen an ever-increasing number of patients struggling with their weight and related disease. He currently volunteers hundreds of hours per year educating the public on weight loss, disease prevention, and general health.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " His main interests are in burns, lasers and general plastic surgery. He has a strong academic interest having undertaken degrees in molecular pathology, engineering and law and he was awarded a Hunterian Professorship of the Royal College of Surgeons of England in 2007. He has published over 60 articles in the scientific literature and he is Associate Editor of the Journal Annals of Plastic Surgery.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She has led an independent group that has established the role of Zinc as an adjunct treatment in serious bacterial infections and in severe pneumonia in children. This, along with her work in persistent diarrhea establishes her as a leading physician scientist in the area of pediatrics and public health. She has now emerged as an institutional builder and is conducting successful clinical research towards the understanding of preterm birth.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He is one of the leading hip and knee replacement surgeon in Mumbai who has acquired extensive knowledge over replacement surgeries in UK. He has a great exposure in the field of orthopaedic and trauma surgeries. Dr Niraj Vora has [\u2026]", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Louis University School of Medicine. He uses his big, brilliant mind to save the brains of those with epilepsy, cancer, trauma and other neurological issues. Dr. Mercier is at the forefront of medical advancement and is eager to share his approach to deep brain lesion treatment.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She holds her regular Ayushakti clinic in Edgware (North West London). Meera practices the ancient science of pulse diagnosis. She has studied and practiced Ayurveda in India under the renowned Ayurvedic physicians and pulse master, Dr Smita Naram.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " His life is turned upside down when he has a terrible car accident which takes away his ability to use his hands, which are so precious for his job. He hopes to recover the use of his hands and starts looking for ways of doing so. During his quest he discovers the existence of alternative realities, in which magic is of key importance...", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She practices in Ann Arbor, Michigan and has the professional credentials of MD. The NPI Number for Dr. Reshma Jagsi is 1376512954 and she holds a License No. 4301089090 (Michigan).", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He practiced in a large range of neurosurgery specialties including trauma surgery, spinal surgery, vascular surgery and functional surgery. He now lends his expertise to the intersection of research and medicine in academic and clinical settings. He advises Coral Health in product design, client communication and pilot project execution.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He received his medical degree from University of Kentucky College of Medicine and has been in practice between 11-20 years. He is one of 27 doctors at El Camino Hospital and one of 19 at Good Samaritan Hospital who specialize in Plastic Surgery.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Her work is influenced by the diversity of her clinical career and life. She focuses on promoting resilience for people who are ill, aging, dying, or stressed by environmental and humanitarian violation. Yet her work is imbued with a humor that gets people through tough times. Chasing Mercury is the first in a series of three books in the Chasing Mercury Toxic Trilogy. Dr. Williams is a member the National Writers Union (AFLCIO/ UAW 1981), an affiliate of the International Federation of Journalists, and the American Society for Bioethics and Humanities. Her nonfiction writing is about bioethics and film.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Dr. Harris is currently a member of the Emergency Medicine Medical Student Education Committee and, in 2005, mentored three fourth-year medical students during their emergency medicine rotation. She also has been involved in the Introduction to Clinical Medicine course for the third-year medical students for the second year.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He owns a plastic surgery clinic, named the Mofid MD Facs- Plastic and Reconstructive Surgery, and it is currently headquartered in California. He has a lot of patients coming in who are asking for his affordable yet efficient plastic surgery procedures. Dr. Mark Mofid is offering a lot of services inside his clinic, including breast augmentations, face lifts, liposuction services, and other methods that would enhance someone\u2019s face. His clinic accepts patients from all over the country, and he is listening well to what his patients wanted to do with their bodies. He has the skill and the expertise to perform the procedures, and because of his almost perfect creations, more people who wanted to have a cosmetic surgery procedure performed on them are calling the clinic of Dr. Mark Mofid in advance to reserve an appointment.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She has a masters in science and a special interest in hematology/oncology, as well as preventive medicine. For more than 12 years, she's been an avid volunteer for the American Cancer Society.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Dr. Sakiyama is a strong advocate of healthy lifestyle counseling in primary care and offers her patients lifestyle interventions in nutrition, exercise promotion and behavioral modification.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He completed his MD from the University of Virginia and a Resident of Plastic and General Surgery from the University of Minnesota. He also worked as a fellow of Plastic Surgery at the University of Minnesota and joined Gillette Children\u2019s Hospital as a fellow of Craniofacial Surgery.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He has earned the prestigious Patients\u2019 Choice Award for three years in a row and consistently advocates minimally-invasive procedures that provide exemplary results for his patients. To learn more or to schedule a consultation, visit http://www.donaldsonplasticsurgery.com or call 614-442-7610.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " The doctor has led an impressive career, making turns in research, surgery and philanthropic ventures. His contribution to the field of pediatric medicine has been incredible, and the developments that he has put forth has helped save the lives of thousands of children all over the world.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Kornblatt has extensive experience in microscopic surgery, a form of minimally invasive surgery that uses advanced microscopes to view the surgical area. This technique allows him to perform delicate spine surgery using small incisions, decreasing pain and speeding recoverytimes. Dr. Kornblatt also is experienced in providing injection therapy to treat degenerative disorders of the spine. Like his brother Ira, also a physician, Dr. Kornblatt was inspired to enter the medical profession by his late uncle, an orthopedic surgeon. Dr. Kornblatt emphasizes a positive attitude in his treatment and encourages the same attitude in patients, recognizing that it can [...]", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He is MD from the Case Western Reserve University and a Resident of Plastic And General Surgery from Barnes Jewish Hospital. He also worked as a fellow of Craniofacial Surgery and is member of American Society of Plastic Surgeons (ASPS).", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He was born in Los Angeles, California. He graduated Magna Cum Laude and Phi Beta Kappa from Occidental College with Distinction in Biochemistry. He attended medical school at the University of California, Irvine. For six years after medical school, Dr. Lander studied General Surgery and then Urologic Surgery at the University of California, Irvine. He was a Clinical Assistant Professor of Urology at the same UC Irvine while in practice in Orange County for five years. During that time he was active in teaching residents and doing research.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He is also a member of the Strategic Advisory Team for Healthcare Technologies for the UK Engineering & Physical Sciences Research Council, and a Visiting Professor to the School of Information Technology at Southampton Solent University.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Allen is a team physician for the New York Knicks basketball team and a former team physician for the New York Mets. He is also a Team Physician for USA Basketball. In addition, Dr. Allen is an orthopedic consultant for the West Indies Cricket Board of Control and St. John\u2019s University. He served as medical director to the NBA Player's Association and is the former team physician for the Long Island Rough Riders soccer team.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He received his medical degree from University of Texas Southwestern Medical School and has been in practice for more than 20 years. Dr. Hamlin accepts several types of health insurance, listed below. He is one of 8 doctors at Magee-Womens Hospital of UPMC and one of 54 at UPMC-University of Pittsburgh Medical Center who specialize in Orthopedic Surgery.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She practices in Anchorage, Alaska and has the professional credentials of CHILD PSYCHIATRIST. The NPI Number for Claudia Berenson is 1770583932 and she holds a License No. 5439 (Alaska).", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " She develops technology and business solutions to help vulnerable populations with complex medical and social needs \u2014 including older adults, people with disabilities, patients with life-limiting illnesses, and the urban poor. Dr. Dombrowski was previously Chief Medical Information Officer for a homecare provider, Clinical Informatics Director at a multi-specialty network of community clinics, and Medical Director at a special needs managed care plan for Medicaid-Medicare dual-eligible seniors.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " She practices in Anchorage, Alaska and has the professional credentials of MD. The NPI Number for Louann Feldmann is 1720051873 and she holds a License No. 1869 (Alaska).", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Dr. Festa is a fellowship-trained sports medicine specialist and is board certified in orthopaedic surgery and sports medicine by the American Board of Orthopaedic Surgery (ABOS). His expertise includes non-operative and operative treatment of sports injuries in pediatric, adolescent and adult patients, from the recreational to the professional level.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " His CareDash rating is 5.0 out of 5 by 2 patients, and he has 2 reviews. Dr. Patel is affiliated with Orlando Hand Surgery Associates PA in Orlando, as well as Orlando Health - Arnold Palmer Hospital for Children in Orlando. Dr. Patel graduated from Yale University School of Medicine in 2009. He is licensed to practice by the state board in Florida (ME127383).", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Saiz describes spine surgery options to his patients in one of two ways. Either he will \u201cunpinch what is pinched\u201d or \u201cstop moving parts that hurt \u2026 Continue reading \u2192", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She has a degree in microbiology and has worked in virology and nephrology research and in the clinical laboratory at St. Luke\u2019s Hospital. 602-283-0631 or 602-405-6508.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " When home intruders brutally attack his wife and young daughter, Kersey becomes obsessed with delivering vigilante justice to the perpetrators. As the anonymous slayings grab the media\u2019s attention, the public begins to wonder if the deadly avenger is a guardian angel...", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He practices in Derry, New Hampshire and has the professional credentials of MD. The NPI Number for Dr. Knut Roalsvig is 1154381614 and he holds a License No. 7923 (New Hampshire).", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " His office is dedicated to helping people obtain attentive medical care for their feet. As a podiatrist and foot surgeon, Dr. Siegel is highly effective in treating and caring for the elderly, diabetics and people with other foot injuries or foot conditions.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Abate graduated from Tufts University School of Medicine in 1962 and has been in practice for 56 years. He completed a residency at U S Department of Veterans Affairs. He currently practices at North Suburban Orthopaedic Association Inc and is affiliated with Lawrence Memorial Hospital and Melrose Wakefield Hospital. Dr. Abate accepts multiple insurance plans including Aetna, Harvard Pilgrim and Tufts Health Plan. Dr. Abate also practices at North Suburban Orthopedc Assocs in Melrose, MA. In addition to English, Dr. Abate's practice supports this language: Spanish.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Fitzgibbons graduated from Creighton University School of Medicine in 1975 and has been in practice for 43 years. He completed a residency at Lac Usc Medical Center. Dr. Fitzgibbons also specializes in Vascular Surgery. He currently practices at Fitzgibbons O'Donnell & Heartfield MDs and is affiliated with Good Samaritan Hospital. Dr. Fitzgibbons accepts multiple insurance plans including Aetna, Medicare and Cigna. Dr. Fitzgibbons also practices at Good Samaritan Hospital Nuclear Medicine in Los Angeles, CA. In addition to English, Dr. Fitzgibbons's practice supports these languages: Spanish and Tagalog.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She has been writing since 1982 and has published clinical articles in The Journal of the American Academy of Physician Assistants and online. She lives with her spouse and two boys in Ashville, N.C.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Naturopathic medicine treatment supports the innate self-healing ability of the body, also known as the Vis Medicatrix Naturae or the Healing Power of Nature. Dr. Munro prescribes dietary and lifestyle changes, nutritional supplements, herbal medicine, and other therapies as prevention and treatment for disease. Following Naturopathic philosophy, she looks for the root cause, rather than just treating symptoms.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He specializes in the surgical treatment of cerebrovascular disorders including carotid artery stenosis, aneurysms, arteriovenous malformations, and open and endoscopic surgery for brain and skull base tumors. Dr. Pradilla received his medical degree from Pontifica Universidad Javeriana School of Medicine before going to Johns Hopkins University for his neurological residency training. Following this, he went to the Universi...", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She is specialized in MD Kayachikitsa (General Medicine) from Rajiv Gandhi University of Medical Sciences, Bangalore. She has been recognized as Best Ayurvedic Practitioner by Himalaya Drugs Pvt. Ltd in 2010 and honored by giving Ayurvisharadha Award. She is also specialized in Siddha and Yoga treatment. She is an expert in spondylosis treatment.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Dr. Dibello graduated from Sidney Kimmel Medical College in 1989 and has been in practice for 29 years. He completed a residency at Kettering Medical Center. Dr. Dibello also specializes in Surgery. He currently practices at Dibello Plastic Surgery and is affiliated with Holy Redeemer Hospital & Medical Center. Dr. Dibello accepts multiple insurance plans including Aetna, Medicare and Humana.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Catherine Hospital in East Chicago, IN. He received his medical degree from the University/Osteopathic Medicine & Health Sciences. Dr. Spott is one of several doctors in the Community Healthcare System who specialize in orthopedic surgery.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She is a graduate from Oklahoma City University and received a Bachelor of Science degree being on the President\u2019s Honor Roll. She is also a graduate from the University of Texas-Pan American, where she graduated as a physician assistant being on the Dean\u2019s Honor Roll.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Dr. Centa graduated from Ohio State University College of Medicine in 1996 and has been in practice for 20 years. He currently practices at Community Health Associates INC and is affiliated with Galion Community Hospital. Dr. Centa accepts multiple insurance plans including Aetna, Medical Mutual of Ohio and Medicare. Dr. Centa also practices at Fisher & Titus Medical Center in Norwalk, OH.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He has additional Certification in Surgical Critical Care and has been recognized by the American Society for Metabolic and Bariatric Surgery (ASMBS) as a surgeon practicing at a Center of Excellence in Obesity Surgery.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She is currently working part time as a GP as well as at The Natural Practice. She takes a whole-person view of a patient\u2019s illness and advises on both chronic and acute disease management. Trish works closely with other complementary practitioners at the practice, both advising patients who are unsure which practitioner they would see and providing medical supervision for patients seeing other practitioners. She prescribes a range of holistic, complementary treatments with the emphasis on classical homeopathy, as well as giving advice on lifestyle.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He has over 20 years of experience performing body contouring procedures such as breast augmentation, breast revision, Mommy Makeover surgery, and tummy tuck surgery. Dr. Linder prides himself on educating his patients throughout the process, beginning with the consultation and extending all the way to the last follow-up appointment. Patients from all over the world come to Beverly Hills to see Dr. Linder and have him perform their body contouring procedures. With his knowledge from having placed over 14,000 breast implants, and authored The Beverly Hills Shape, Dr. Linder continues to contribute to discussions on plastic surgery via various media outlets.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Mark graduated from State University of New York Downstate Medical Center College of Medicine in 1968 and has been in practice for 49 years. He currently practices at Plastic Surgery Arts & Spa and is affiliated with Crittenton Hospital Medical Center. In addition to English, Dr. Mark's practice supports this language: Spanish.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He completed his fellowship training at world-renowned Mayo Clinic and the prestigious Cincinnati Children\u2019s Hospital Medical Center (CCHMC). Dr. Hongbo Liu\u2019s clinical interests include degenerative spine disorders, minimally invasive spine surgeries, pediatric spinal deformity, osteoporosis-related vertebral compression fracture, and spinal trauma.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He is dual fellowship-trained highly experienced in both surgical and non-surgical cosmetic procedures. Offering a full range of services including breast augmentation and tummy tuck, Dr. Jejurikar is dedicated to providing the highest quality care and the best possible results for his patients. Take a moment to visit his practice online to learn more about the full menu of services he has to offer.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " With the police overloaded with crimes, Paul, burning for revenge, hunts for his family\u2019s assailants to deliver justice. As the anonymous slayings of criminals grabs the media\u2019s attention, the city wonders if this deadly avenger is a guardian angel\u2026or a grim reaper. Fury and fate collide in the intense action-thriller Death Wish.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr Streeton is a public health physician and epidemiologist specialising in infectious diseases and vaccine development. Dr Streeton maintains a keen interest in preventative medicine, immunisation & all aspects of travel medicine. She has extensive experience in vaccine research and development (clinical trial design, implementation and evaluation), and health outcomes research including quality use of medicines. She is also Medical Officer of Health for both Darebin and Moreland City Councils. Qualifications include MBBS, MAppEpid, FAFPHM, Grad Cert Health Economics; CTM.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He served as Consultant Shoulder Surgeon to the Dallas Cowboys 1990-1998. He is one of the nation\u2019s premier shoulder surgeons and serves on The International Board of Shoulder and Elbow Surgery. He is widely known for the creation of a modular replacement for the shoulder, and the development of advanced techniques to improve the results from a rotator cuff repair and surgery for the dislocating shoulder. Since joining The Carrell Clinic, he has performed thousands of arthroscopic, reconstructive, and replacement surgeries of the shoulder.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Saving lives is his job \u2013 until home invaders attack his wife and daughter. Now Dr. Kersey saves lives by day while searching for the men who attacked his family.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She practices in Concord, New Hampshire and has the professional credentials of PA. The NPI Number for Heather F Davis is 1174558241 and she holds a License No. 0258 (New Hampshire).", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Dr. Drosdeck graduated from University of Wisconsin School of Medicine & Public Health in 2010 and has been in practice for 8 years. He completed a residency at Wexner Medical Center. Dr. Drosdeck accepts multiple insurance plans including Aetna, Regence Health Plans and PacificSource. Dr. Drosdeck also practices at Everett Clinic Surgery in Everett, WA. In addition to English, Dr. Drosdeck's practice supports these languages: Vietnamese, French, Korean, Russian, German and Spanish.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She graduated from University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill and received her degree in physician assistant studies from Wake Forest University School of Medicine. She is a member of the American Academy of Physician Assistants, the North Carolina Academy of Physician Assistants, the Society of Physician Assistants in Otolaryngology \u2013 Head & Neck Surgery, and the North Carolina Medical Society.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He is also a pioneer in breast implants and breast reconstruction. With his training, experience, and commitment to patient care, Dr. Becker performs breast implant removal in Florida at a superior level.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Leith graduated from Ohio State University College of Medicine in 2001 and has been in practice for 17 years. He currently practices at Michael J Goodwin MD PSC and is affiliated with King's Daughters Medical Center. Dr. Leith accepts multiple insurance plans including Aetna, Medical Mutual of Ohio and Medicare.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She has been an active advocate for her patients by addressing their needs for a walkable community since moving to Sacramento in 2009. She completed her MD and Master\u2019s of Public Health at Tulane University in New Orleans, LA in 2008.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He has a special interest in keyhole surgeries of the shoulder and elbow and has performed the largest number of bone transfer procedures via keyhole surgery (arthroscopic Latarjet Procedure), in Singapore. These complex procedures are performed in young, active patients with shoulder joint bone injuries causing recurrent dislocations.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He recently penned a strongly worded op-ed for ScientificAmerican.com on the differences between how some in the medical community view marijuana and how the federal government regulates it.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " She is Vice Chair of Regional Obstetrics and Gynecology. Her office is at the Solon Family Health Center. She performs surgeries and deliveries at Hillcrest Hospital. She is board-certified in Obstetrics and Gynecology.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Dr. Scherb graduated from University of Iowa Roy J & Lucille A Carver College of Medicine in 2001 and has been in practice for 16 years. He completed a residency at Orlando Regional Medical Center. Dr. Scherb also specializes in Foot & Ankle Surgery. He currently practices at Mason City Clinic and is affiliated with Hansen Family Hospital, Mercy Medical Center North Iowa East Campus and Mercy Medical Center North Iowa West Campus. Dr. Scherb accepts multiple insurance plans including Aetna, Wellmark and Medicare. In addition to English, Dr. Scherb's practice supports this language: Spanish.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Pecoraro graduated from USF Health Morsani College of Medicine in 1984 and has been in practice for 33 years. He completed a residency at Umdnj University Hospital. He currently practices at PREMIER INTERNAL MEDICINE and is affiliated with Blake Medical Center. Dr. Pecoraro accepts multiple insurance plans including Aetna, Medicare and Ambetter Superior Health Plan. Dr. Pecoraro also practices at Pinnacle Medical Group Internal Medicine in Bradenton, FL. In addition to English, Dr. Pecoraro's practice supports these languages: Italian, Hindi, Spanish and Polish.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She has been working there specializing in Urology since 2010. Her interests include but are not limited to: female urology, neurological diseases, nephrolithiasis, and kidney cancer. She enjoys the balance between clinic, inpatient medicine and assisting on laparoscopic robotic surgeries. She enjoys giving lectures to the PA Students at UTSW and serving as a preceptor and mentor.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " She earned a Bachelor\u2019s Degree in molecular and cellular biology from the University of California at Berkeley and a Master\u2019s in Physician Assistant Studies from Samuel Merritt College, where she also contributed to the education of future Physician Assistants as a clinical preceptor. Melissa was born and raised in the Bay Area, and is very familiar with this diverse part of California. She wants every patient to leave the office feeling they\u2019ve learned something new, as well as having received the finest possible care.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He specializes in the comprehensive treatment of hand and wrist disorders, offering both nonsurgical and surgical treatment options. He provides care for common upper extremity problems, such as carpal tunnel syndrome and arthritis, as well as complex hand and wrist disorders.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Greco has performed more than 20,000 surgeries over his 20+ year career \u2014 1,500 of which are breast augmentation procedures. He is not only a surgeon but an innovator and an authority in his field. Dr. Greco is a former advisor to the Allergan NOVA Advisory Breast board and currently serves on Mentor's Education Council. He has developed his own type of breast implant, spoken to other surgeons all over the country about breast augmentation \"best practices\" and taught at the University of Pittsburgh School of Medicine. Dr. Greco also has special training and expertise in hand surgery, liposuction and facelift.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Ballecer graduated from Dr Jose P Rizal College of Medicine in 2004 and has been in practice for 11 years. He completed a residency at Maricopa Integrated Health System. He currently practices at Arizona General Surgery Specialist PC and is affiliated with Banner Thunderbird Medical Center. Dr. Ballecer accepts multiple insurance plans including Medicare, Cigna and Blue Cross Blue Shield. Dr. Ballecer also practices at Maricopa Medical Center in Phoenix, AZ.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She received her undergraduate degrees from Emory University in Atlanta, GA, where she also conducted laboratory research at the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He practices in Anchorage, Alaska and has the professional credentials of M.D.. The NPI Number for Dr. Zachary Wayne Bear is 1124313614 and he holds a License No. 109905 (Alaska).", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " She provides comprehensive healthcare for children from birth to adolescence, including well visits, immunizations, sick visits, and care for chronic childhood illnesses.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " But after his wife and daughter are victims of a street gang and the police are idle, he takes the punishing sword of justice in his hands. Video clips of the inventive murders of criminals conquer the...", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " His book \u201cChecklist manifesto\u201d is about his interest in working with checklists in the hospital environment and his involvement in the creation and test of the WHO checklist.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He has been a teaching faculty at AIIMS and at Sir Ganga Ram Hospital, New Delhi. He was also a Professor of Neurosurgery at the Guwahati Medical College. He specialises in Minimal Invasive Brain and Spine Surgery, Skull Base Surgery, Neurovascular Surgery, Extra Cranial-Intracranial Bypass Surgery, Paediatric Neurosurgery and Epilepsy Surgery. He has more than 10,000 neurological procedures to his credit.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Working on blood from prison inmates, her theory begins to prove itself time and again with violent offenders. As Dickerson's work begins to show results and catches the attention of the media, people begin to fear that witch hunts will result if forcible testing is carried out. Meanwhile, a race begins to find a cure. With science and religion at odds, Dickerson must find her own answers while trying to escape those who want to put an end to her inflammatory research.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " In addition, Julie has devoted the last 15 years to the in-depth study and practice of yoga. She received her advanced teaching certification from Down Under Yoga in Boston in 2015, under the tutelage of Natasha Rizopoulos. In 2017, she was selected by Number 1 executive coach and leadership thinker Marshall Goldsmith from among 16,000 applicants as one of the MG 100 coaches. Enthusiastic and passionate about helping people ensure good health for life and quality of survival, Julie has become a highly sought-after keynote speaker for corporations, patient groups, and premier resorts and health spas. She lives in Connecticut and Florida. Beyond the Mat is her first book.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He serves as chief of the Adult Spinal Deformity Service at Rhode Island Hospital and The Miriam Hospital. He is also the director of spine surgery research at University Orthopedics, and co-director of the Brown Spine Surgery Fellowship.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " His years of research into the human nervous system and the brain lead to the discovery of a spinal cord cooling process used by almost all medical institutions today.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He has impressive training experience. In 1991 he obtained educational experience at Auckland Medical School. In 2001 he was associated with FRACS. Then in 2004 Greg Finch became part of the Australian Orthopedic Association.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She earned an MD from the University of Wisconsin and a master\u2019s in Public Health from the University of Illinois\u2013Chicago. Her work has appeared in JAMA, and she lives in Oak Park with her husband, John, and children, Daniel and Maya.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Dr. Mani is renowned worldwide not only for his skill and experience in performing aesthetic procedures, but also for the many advances and innovations he has contributed in the areas of face lift surgery, breast surgery, and rhinoplasty. Dr. Marc Manis' practice includes many celebrities and high profile individuals who require ultimate discretion and subtle surgical artistry.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He is a perfect representation of a well rounded doctor. He's played having played competitive sports, has written well regarded professional papers, and continues to provide top class treatment to his patients. Dr. Russo completed his medical studies at the Louisiana State University ...", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Emma is eager to leave her fathers dirty farm but finds marriage to be less romantic and satisfying than she expected. Charles is not a prince, but a bumbling, aging man. Even when at work", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " As a committee member of the Gleneagles Minimally Invasive Surgery for General Surgery, he is active in the teaching and promotion of the use of \u2018key-hole\u2019 surgery in General Surgery. His area of practice includes colorectal surgery, laparoscopic or \u2018key-hole\u2019 surgery and most aspects of general surgery. He is currently an active member of the Medical Quality Control Committee at Gleneagles Hospital since 2008.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He has more than 25 years of rich experience. Dr. Chugh was selected as a Specialist in Central Government Health Services, through UPSC. His research in Pulmonary Research Laboratory and Allergy Clinic at SMS Medical College Hospital, Jaipur was highly appreciated. He followed it up with a comprehensive course on Echocardiography. In AIIMS he worked as a senior Resident in department of Cardiology & Hematology.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " In accordance with Article 70 of the RSFSR Criminal Code he was sentenced to 3.5 years for \u201cparticipation in a Zionist organization\u201d [see CCE 23]. His sentence was due to end in February 1975.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He demonstrates how he uses his Double, visiting his patients and making his rounds around the hospital. Dr. Lancey uses his Double to visit his patients post surgery to check up on them and see how they are doing. Using his iPhone, Dr. Lancey is able to connect to patients whenever he wants.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Sara grew up in Centerville, Ohio and graduated Magna Cum Laude from Miami University with a Bachelor of Arts in Zoology. She then went on to pursue a Master\u2019s of Science in Physician Assistant Studies at the University of Kentucky. During her time at UK, Sara rotated among local Urgent Cares, Occupational Health Clinics, Emergency Centers, and Family Medicine Practices, as well as a rotation at the Veterans Affairs Medial Center in Lexington. After graduation, Sara moved to San Diego and accepted a position as a Physician Assistant with South Coast Medical Group in National City. Sara is certified in both Advanced Cardiovascular Life Support and Basic Life Support.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He uses state-of-the-art advanced technology in his practice to achieve natural-looking results and optimal patient health. Dr. Richards attended the School of Medicine at the University of Maryland as well as Yale University. He is a former president of the county component of the state medical society and the DC metro area chapter of the national plastic surgery society. Some of his most commonly performed procedures include breast augmentation, liposuction, facelift surgery and brachioplasty. His practice has been recognized by professional organizations such as Washingtonian Magazine as well as the Consumer Research Council of America\u2019s Guide to America\u2019s Top Surgeons. He has had scientific articles published in the Aesthetic Surgery Journal and lectures internationally.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Her primary areas of interest are in hypertension and primary care. She has extensive experience in data collection in primary care physician offices as well as in analysis of administrative databases with respect to hypertension and antihypertensive medications.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He has been honoured for his dangerous work and nicknamed the \u201cIndiana Jones of surgery.\u201d As a vascular surgeon he specialises in keyhole techniques and is the first surgeon to combine laparscopic and vascular surgery. His other work includes hernia repairs, removal of lipomas and haemorrhoids and treatment of varicose veins. He is based at the Chelsea & Westminster Hospital, St Mary\u2019s Hospital, Royal Brompton Hospital and The Royal Marsden Hospital. In addition, Mr Nott spends a few months every year working as a volunteer surgeon for agencies such as M\u00e9decins Sans Fronti\u00e8res and the British Red Cross, and has performed surgery in countries such as Afghanistan, Bosnia, Iraq, Libya and Syria.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She completed her bachelor degree in Biochemistry from the University of Wisconsin - Madison, GO BADGERS! She is a Summa Cum Laude graduate of Palmer College of Chiropractic, Florida. In addition, she received the honor of Class Valedictorian and also received the Clinical Excellence Award. While at Palmer, she was an active member of Sports Council. She provided treatment at a variety of Sports Council events such as USTA Tennis Competitions, Mud Run Competitions, Ragnar Relay in Key West, FL and the USLA National Lifeguard Championships. In addition to this, Malarie received the Academic Excellence Award at Palmer for outstanding academic achievement.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Serving men and women from Portland, Oregon, he is dedicated to giving his patients the quality results they deserve. Popular procedures available at his practice include breast augmentation, breast reduction and tummy tucks. Visit his website for more detailed information.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " With a wealth of experience, Dr. Schaffer employs his knowledge to ensure that the procedures he performs on all of his patients are safe and successful. He has a proven track record in providing his patients the look that they want.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " A graduate of SUNY Downstate Medical Center in Brooklyn, Lori performs a range of medical dermatology services, including skin cancer screenings, diagnosis and treatment of skin disorders, and minor surgical procedures (biopsies, incisions and drainage and acne surgery). In addition to medical assessments, Lori is experienced in using the latest skin rejuvenation techniques to help patients achieve more youthful and radiant skin. She administers Botox, Juv\u00e9derm, Vobella, Kybella, and other injectable treatments at Advanced Dermatology.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Dr. Khanijou graduated from All India Institute of Medical Sciences in 1972 and has been in practice for 45 years. He completed a residency at Interfaith Medical Center. He currently practices at Rajesh Khanijou MD and is affiliated with St Joseph Hospital. Dr. Khanijou accepts multiple insurance plans including Aetna, Medicare and Cigna. In addition to English, Dr. Khanijou's practice supports this language: Spanish.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Her areas of interest include global health, complex humanitarian emergencies and refugee protection. She has conducted human rights research and advocacy in the Middle East and, in 2014, joined a team of Harvard FXB researchers on a rapid needs assessment project conducted in the Syrian refugee camps in Jordan. She is currently involved in a research initiative in Lebanon with a focus on primary health care access among host and refugee communities.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " She soon discovered why: to heal her patients she first had to heal her ailing profession. Fed up with assembly-line medicine, Dr. Wible held town hall meetings where she invited citizens to design their own ideal clinic. Open since 2005, Wible\u2019s community clinic has inspired Americans to create ideal clinics and hospitals nationwide.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He is currently licensed to practice medicine in Florida. He is affiliated with Palm Springs General Hospital, Hialeah Hospital, and Palmetto General Hospital.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He is the Medical Director of the Prostate Cancer Rehabilitation Clinic at Princess Margaret Hospital Cancer Centre. Dr. Elterman specializes in voiding dysfunction, sexual dysfunction and pelvic reconstruction in both men and women.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She is also a Chopra Center\u2013certified Perfect Health instructor and has experience in family medicine and a master\u2019s degree in public health. Dr. Saint truly finds it an honor and her calling to form a partnership with patients and guests to help them live their happiest, healthiest, and most vibrant lives. She integrates the best of conventional and complementary/holistic medicine to facilitate the body\u2019s natural healing responses.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Her unique voice is sorely needed today as women face hormone imbalances and deficiencies before, during, and after menopause. These conditions, which can assault quality of life, are nothing new. hat is new is that they are appearing earlier than ever before, and at a time when women are already stretched to the limit. And women are often misdiagnosed by the medical establishment.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He practices in Austin, Texas and has the professional credentials of M.D.. The NPI Number for Dr. Ryan Menzies Tierney is 1154416923 and he holds a License No. N3349 (Texas).", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Dr. McInnis graduated from University of Massachusetts Medical School in 1986 and has been in practice for 31 years. He completed a residency at Umass Memorial Medical Center. Dr. McInnis also specializes in Sports Medicine. He currently practices at Orthopaedic Affiliates Inc and is affiliated with Emerson Hospital. Dr. McInnis accepts multiple insurance plans including Aetna, Harvard Pilgrim and Tufts Health Plan. Dr. McInnis also practices at Emerson Pediatric Group in Concord, MA.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Whitted graduated from Medical University of South Carolina College of Medicine in 1986 and has been in practice for 31 years. He completed a residency at Sinai Grace Hospital. He currently practices at Toledo Clinic and is affiliated with Flower Hospital.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He practices in the Foot and Ankle Center, a service of Northern Arizona Orthopaedics, inside the Summit Center. To learn more, visit northAZortho.com or call 928-774-7757.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Hollingsworth graduated from Ohio State University College of Medicine in 1988 and has been in practice for 30 years. He completed a residency at Ucsf Medical Center. He currently practices at Ohio Orthopaedics Center and is affiliated with Grant Medical Center. Dr. Hollingsworth accepts multiple insurance plans including Aetna, Medical Mutual of Ohio and Medicare.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She practices in Anchorage, Alaska and has the professional credentials of M.D.. The NPI Number for Jean Colesberry Persons is 1174828008 and she holds a License No. 1086 (Alaska).", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " She received her Bachelor\u2019s and Master\u2019s degrees from the University of Akron and her Medical Degree from Wright State University. Dr. Falvo Lang is on the medical staff at Aultman and Mercy Medical hospitals. She is also an Assistant Professor of Family Medicine at the North East Ohio Medical University, a member of the American Medical Association, and a Diplomat for the American Academy of Family Physicians. She and her husband, Chris, are the parents of four children: Connor, Jackson, Ronan, and Olivia, who has profound disabilities.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He practices in Anchorage, Alaska and has the professional credentials of MD. The NPI Number for Nathaniel Eastman is 1023125887 and he holds a License No. 5780 (Alaska).", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " His education and training have taken him from Phillips Academy and Princeton University to Vanderbilt University School of Medicine, with Surgical Residency at The Mount Sinai Hospital in New York City and a Fellowship at the Massachusetts General Hospital in Boston. His special expertise in laparoscopy includes: GERD and other esophageal diseases (Achalasia, cancer), hernia surgery, colon surgery (cancer and diverticulitis), and Inflammatory Bowel Diseases (Crohn\u2019s and Ulcerative Colitis). In addition to being a long-standing Castle Connolly NY Top Doctor, his accolades include selection in both NY Magazine\u2019s Best Doctors and The New York Times Magazine Super Doctors Issue.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He treats infants, children and adolescents with orthopedic conditions. These conditions include sports injuries, fractures, bone and joint infections, scoliosis, clubfoot, and hip dysplasia. He believes in simple, straight-forward solutions to complex orthopedic problems.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He brings to Houston cutting-edge techniques in treating spine, back and neck pain, as well as complicated spinal disorders such as scoliosis in patients of all ages. He emphasizes a conservative and comprehensive philosophy in treating the spine, always focusing first on non-operative treatments. His surgical emphasis is on minimally invasive and motion-sparing techniques including disc replacement. By using muscle sparing approaches and smaller incisions patients benefit with decreased pain and faster return to activity. He has also designed an in-house \"back school\", a program to treat back pain through core strengthening, improved posture, flexibility and overall fitness.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " One day she leaves on her lunch break and never returns. Her best friend, Linda, another physician, calls the Police Department to ask for their help in finding her, but Rhonda hasn\u2019t been missing long enough. The media learns about the missing woman and everyone in the city is caught up in the mystery. More", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Dubrow has also successfully appeared in \u2018The Sean\u2019 and \u2018Good Work\u2019. In 2016, he was seen in \u2018Botched by Nature\u2019. He is known for performing plastic surgery procedures in the reality series \u2018Bridalplasty\u2019. Here is a quick summary of Terry Dubrow\u2019s net worth in 2018, career and earnings.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " His current research focuses on applying the surgical hospitalist model to improve hospital-based emergency care, specifically through new processes and strategies that address the challenges of emergency department overcrowding, boarding, and ambulance diversion. Maa is a member of the board of directors of the American Heart Association and is associate director of Surgery Clerkship at the University of California, San Francisco (UCSF). He participates on several advisory boards and committees that focus on improving care in hospitals. Maa is currently an assistant professor in general surgery at the UCSF, and assistant chair of the department of surgery\u2019s quality improvement program.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He is the General Secretary of Iraqi Society of Reconstructive and Aesthetic Surgeon (ISRAS), Member of International Confederation for Plastic, Reconstructive and Aesthetic Surgery (IPRAS) and a Member of the Iraqi International Medical Association (IIMA).", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Trained directly under Dr. Frank Jobe, the founder of \"Tommy John\" procedure, Dr. Hackett provides premier care for his patients and their elbow complications.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Her work began in Calcutta, India, in 1998, when she opened the \"Calcutta Hope Home\" to provide safe refuge for destitute children. In Brazil in 2000, Julie established a ministry for street children and founded \"For the Children International.\" Currently in Mozambique, Africa, Julie is ministering through \"The Dream Project\" to provide care, housing and education for children orphaned by the AIDS epidemic.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Certified by the American Board of Plastic Surgery, he completed his MD from the Emory University. For his Post-Medical School Training, he joined the University of South Florida as a Resident of Plastic Surgery. He also got the golden opportunity to work as a fellow of Hand and Microsurgery. He is also the member of American Society of Plastic Surgeons and has hospital affiliations at Bayfront Health St. Petersburg and Memorial Hospital of Tampa. It shows his enthusiasm to work for the people.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Martin graduated from East Carolina University Brody School of Medicine in 2005 and has been in practice for 13 years. He currently practices at Mountaineer Surgical Associates Pllc and is affiliated with Saint Francis Hospital. Dr. Martin accepts multiple insurance plans including Aetna, Medicare and Humana. Dr. Martin also practices at St Francis Hospital in Charleston, WV.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She is professor of Pediatrics at the University of Missouri-Kansas City and adjunct Professor at the University of Kansas. She is chair of leadership team for the American Academy of Pediatrics/Department of Justice sponsored project, Medical Homes for Children Exposed to Violence and is a primary author for the AAP\u2019s firearm injury prevention policy statement.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " She began her appointment as a Fellow in the Tomsich Family Department of Cardiovascular in 2006. She is board-certified in internal medicine and licensed to practice in both Massachusetts and Ohio. Dr. Celestin's specialty interests include lower-extremity edema, peripheral arterial disease, upper-extremity disorders, Raynaud's and hypercoagulable states.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Dr. Pagan graduated from University of Maryland School of Medicine in 1991 and has been in practice for 26 years. He completed a residency at Albert Einstein College of Medicine. Dr. Pagan also specializes in Thoracic Surgery (Cardiothoracic Vascular). He currently practices at Grand View Surgical Associates and is affiliated with Grand View Hospital. Dr. Pagan accepts multiple insurance plans including Aetna, Medicare and Capital Blue Cross.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She serves as medical director at Tom Waddell Health Center and oversees HIV treatment and prevention efforts. She works closely with community-based organizations such as Tenderloin Health on HIV prevention and treatment, including needle exchange, and has strong ties to city-funded shelters and community behavioral health agencies. Deb obtained her master\u2019s degree in social work at Columbia University and her medical training at Brown University and UCSF. As both a social worker and a physician, she has worked with highly marginalized communities including homeless persons, drug users, psychiatric patients, and incarcerated and recently released individuals. Deb is very interested in how research can inform and assist with community-based clinical work. HIV prevention is one of her personal and professional passions.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " As a family practice physician assistant, Brittany has special interests in women\u2019s health and pediatrics. She is blessed to be able to bring the Lord into her practice, and pray for, and with, her patients, both in and outside of the office.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " On the day after he dreams that aliens abduct him, he finds an implanted chip in his right arm. Now, armed with the proof, his only goal is to uncover for mankind the identity of his abductors. Ryan has to solve a puzzle only to find a terrible conspiracy that might cost him his life.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " One of Australia\u2019s most respected implant surgeons, innovators and educators, Alex leads a referrals-based practice and works in a surgical capacity with selected dentists and specialists. He is founder of All-On-4 Clinic, which has numerous purpose-built facilities throughout Australia and New Zealand.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She teaches at and is on the faculty at the Cleveland Clinic Lerner College of Medicine at Case Western Reserve University. Dr. Goldfarb is trained in Pediatric Infectious Diseases.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Moreover she is the director of the Pedtric Onology and Hematology Department at the Charit\u00e9. Angelika Eggert conducts her research on the neuroblastoma, a tumor causing the death of half of the suffering children.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " His research and clinical fields of interest include the laparoscopic approach in general, digestive surgery, and the diagnosis and treatment of functional digestive diseases.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She is passionate about and an advocate for the health and well-being of the medical profession. Equally passionate about education, equity, equality and empowerment, with a deep care for all people, here Dr Maxine writes on health, well-being, medicine, science and society. View blog here Dr Maxine Speaks", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " This is her second time representing the party, as she also did so in 2012. Stein has been active in local government, and she previously ran for Massachusetts State Representative in 2004 and Secretary...", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " In addition to mentoring residents and medical students at the Cleveland Clinic Lerner College of Medicine, he serves as the Quality Improvement Officer for the Center for Neurological Restoration. He is also the Director of Clinical Trials and the Director of Outcomes for the Headache Section at the Cleveland Clinic.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " She specializes in arthroscopic surgery, as well as open knee and shoulder procedures. Her main clinical interests are anterior cruciate ligament (ACL) and other knee ligament injuries, meniscus injuries, patella instability, shoulder instability, rotator cuff tears and biceps tendon injuries.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Originally from Guadalajara, Mexico, Sofia completed medical school at Universidad de Guadalajara. Prior to relocating to the United States, she practiced at the Emergency Department of the Guadalajara County Hospital.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He has extensive experience in the diagnosis of spinal ailments and the non-surgical management and surgical treatment of these conditions. A native of Orange County, Dr. Richter graduated from the University of Southern California, earned his Master\u2019s degree in Physiology and Biophysics from Georgetown University, and completed medical school at Albany Medical College. He stayed in New York to complete his residency in orthopedic surgery at North Shore-Long Island Jewish/Northwell Health System. Dr. Richter pursued sub-specialty fellowship training in Spine Surgery at Hoag Orthopaedic Institute. During his fellowship Dr. Richter gained extensive experience in over 400 spine surgeries ranging from minimally invasive techniques to complex reconstructive procedures of the cervical, thoracic and lumbar spine.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Disa graduated from University of Massachusetts Medical School in 1988 and has been in practice for 29 years. He completed a residency at University of Maryland Medical System. Dr. Disa also specializes in Surgery. He currently practices at Memorial Sloan Kettering Cancer Center and is affiliated with Manhattan Eye Ear & Throat Hospital and Memorial Sloan-Kettering Cancer Center. Dr. Disa accepts multiple insurance plans including Aetna, MVP Health Plan and Medicare.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Mark has been a long time provider in this part of the State having opened his clinic in 2008. Mark partnered with Elkview General Hospital in September of 2016 and Granite Family Medical Clinic is now a part of the Elkview General Hospital Family.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " She joined Family Practice Center and began her career as a physician assistant in 2007. Erin currently sees patients in Loysville, PA. </p> <p><strong>Education:</strong></p> <ul> <li>MS &ndash; Physician Assistant Studies, Arcadia University, Glenside, PA</li> <li>BS &ndash; Health Science/Psychology Minor, Lock Haven University, Lock Haven, PA</li> </ul> <p><strong>Certification: </strong></p> <ul> <li>National Commission on Certification of Physician Assistants (NCCPA)</li> </ul> <p><strong>", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Dr. Puccinelli graduated from Saint Louis University School of Medicine in 1986 and has been in practice for 32 years. He currently practices at Bdch Orthopedics and Sports Medicine and is affiliated with Columbia St Mary's Hospital Milwaukee, Columbia St Mary's Hospital Ozaukee and Columbia St Mary's Women's Hospital. Dr. Puccinelli accepts multiple insurance plans including Aetna, Network Health Plan and Common Ground. Dr. Puccinelli also practices at Beaver Dam Community Hospital in Beaver Dam, WI.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She received her BS (Sports Administration), MA (Wellness Management) from Ball State University and MSM (Physician Assistant Science) from Trevecca Nazarene University. She continues to practice in urgent care. She will teach across the entire curriculum.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " His skills of surgery are incomparable & innovative, proved over a period of time. Due to his thrust of innovation for new, he is always exploring new arithmetic ventures in medicine like - medicine & IT, Marine Medicine, Occupation related medicine, minimal invasive medicine & surgeries. Now in most innovative unexplored subject, \"nature heals through nature\"- He is trying to bring advances of 21st century medicine & technology into realms of today's clinical medicine & provide promising alternative to traditional solutions of typical surgery, multiple drugs with treatment protocols of regenerative medicine- cellular biology (stem cells). He is striving to make it the next revolution in medicine which can actually act as better alternative to current therapeutics medicine.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Over the last 25 years he has performed over 5000 coronary bypass operations,; he has certification by the American Board of Surgery, the American Board of Thoracic Surgery, and the Society of Thoracic Surgeons.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He trained at Cairo University in Egypt but started his internship in England. Later, he migrated to the United States. Additionally, he has an experience of over 45 years in medical field whereby he specializes in general and Pediatric Surgery. General surgery is performed on colon and stomach. In the past, he has been awarded honors as an APP and ACS fellow. Also, he has written several publications on health-related issues.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " A WSET Level 1 in wines, he travels with his photographer girlfriend Snigdha capturing the beauty of a place and its food in intricate detail. He chases stories in the forts of the medieval era and loves beverage based destinations. Sudipto can be reached @saltandsandals)", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " In 2006, though, she was a 25-year-old who worked part time as a host at Pizzaiolo. She had left a doctoral program in molecular biology at UC Berkeley in preparation for medical school.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " His fiction has appeared in numerous literary publications including The Sewanee Review, The Louisville Review, The Southampton Review, Catamaran Literary Reader, and The Atlantic Monthly. His work has been short-listed for Best American Short Stories and an O'Henry award. His collection of stories, Surgeon Stories, was published by Fleur-de-lis Press.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Cluett graduated from Virginia Commonwealth University School of Medicine in 1997 and has been in practice for 18 years. He currently practices at Orthopedic Associates No Berkshire and is affiliated with Berkshire Medical Center. Dr. Cluett accepts multiple insurance plans including Aetna, Harvard Pilgrim and Empire Blue Cross Blue Shield. Dr. Cluett also practices at SVMC Orthopedics in Bennington, VT. In addition to English, Dr. Cluett's practice supports this language: Spanish.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He completed his medical education at the Hospital for Sick Children, University of Toronto before coming to CHEO. He is a passionate researcher with over 50 peer reviewed publications. His research interests include minimally invasive surgery, pediatric trauma, and evidence-based medicine.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He has served as the foot and ankle consultant for the Arizona Diamondbacks, the Arizona Cardinals, and Ballet Arizona. While he treats many professional, college and high school athletes, Dr. Mitchell also enjoys helping everyday people overcome a chronic condition or injury. His conservative approach to patient care emphasizes exploring non-operative techniques first and later exploring minimally invasive and other surgical techniques as needed.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Sebastian takes on the appearance of a tall, handsome adult with black hair, red eyes, and pale skin. He typically dresses in a butler's outfit, which consists of black trousers, a. Soul Eater is a shonen manga by Atsushi Ohkubo which has been regularly serialized in Monthly Shonen Gangan since 2004.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She practices in Anchorage, Alaska and has the professional credentials of M.D.. The NPI Number for Dr. Wendy Sue Cruz is 1003987595 and she holds a License No. 5281 (Alaska).", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " After completing her PM&R residency at <?xml:namespace prefix = st1 ns = \"urn:schemas-microsoft-com:office:smarttags\" />Rush Presbyterian-St. Luke\ufffds Medical Center in Chicago, she completed an electrodiagnostic medicine fellowship at Medical College of Wisconsin/ Clement J. Zablocki VA Medical Center in Milwaukee, WI. She was an attending physician with Schwab Rehabilitation Hospital at Louis A. Weiss Memorial Hospital for two years and subsequently was an Assistant Professor at University of Texas Southwestern Medical Center in Dallas, TX for five years. She served as Medical Director at St. Paul University Hospital in Dallas for 2 1/2 years and as Medical Director for Parkland Memorial Hospital's EMG clinic for five years.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He joins the group after a 25-year career in the U.S. Army. He attended the Uniformed Services University of the Health Sciences Medical School and did his residency at Madigan Army Medical Center. He completed the John A. Feagin Sports Medicine Fellowship at West Point. He has been the team physician for the West Point Black Knights and multiple Special Operations Combat Teams. Dr. White has a special interest in joint preservation arthroscopic surgery of the shoulder, hip and knee as well as knee and shoulder replacement surgery and trauma care.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She has a B.S. in Radiologic Science from The University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill and a M.S. in Physician Assistant Studies from East Carolina University. She is currently pursuing Functional Medicine certification through the Institute of Functional Medicine.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " After finishing her residency, Dr. Cruz-Knight was a community physician and faculty member for Rush University School of Medicine, then as an attending physician at NorthWest Prime Care Medical Group and later Hegewisch Health Center, Saint Margaret Mercy Hospitals in Chicago. In 2008, she moved to Cleveland and joined University Hospitals Case Medical Center Family Medicine and Community Health at Case Western Reserve University where she was held positions of obstetrics provider, Family Medicine Interest Group Advisor and Director of Pre-Doctoral Programs for the Department of Family Medicine. In 2016, Dr. Cruz-Knight joined the USF-MPM Family Medicine Residency program as the Program Director.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He reported on the American Association for the Surgery of Trauma\u2019s Web site that the Landstuhl trauma information system is incomplete and that \u201cinformation may be conflicting.\u201d", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Perra graduated from University of Minnesota Medical School in 1984 and has been in practice for 34 years. He completed a residency at Michigan State University. Dr. Perra also specializes in Head & Neck Plastic Surgery. He currently practices at Twin Cities Spine Center and is affiliated with St Francis Regional Medical Center. Dr. Perra accepts multiple insurance plans including Aetna, Medicare and Blue Cross Blue Shield of Illinois. Dr. Perra also practices at Gillette Children's Hospital in Saint Paul, MN. In addition to English, Dr. Perra's practice supports this language: Spanish.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He is considered one of the top plastic surgeons in the country, catering to celebrities and business executives. His reputation and accolades led to him being called on for Extreme Makeover. He was the first doctor selected for the show, and the show led to more television appearances across a range of venues for him.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She assists with office procedures and surgery, and is the primary medical contact person before and after procedures. Mary has extensive training in skin care and recommends products and routines for optimal enhancement and health of the skin. She also does light chemical peels (glycolic, and salicylic acids) and laser treatments for hair removal, dilated or \"spider\" veins of the face and body, sun spots, acne, uneven skin texture or pigmentation and skin tightening. Mary enjoys interacting with patients and derives a great deal of satisfaction from helping to make procedures and recoveries go smoothly. In her free time, she loves to cook and is an aspiring writer.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Dr. Sems graduated from Ohio State University College of Medicine in 1999 and has been in practice for 19 years. He currently practices at Mayo Clinic Obstetrics & Gynecology and is affiliated with Mayo Clinic Hospital Saint Mary's Campus and Rochester Methodist Hospital. Dr. Sems accepts multiple insurance plans including Aetna, Medicare and Humana.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " His main area work involves microsurgical reconstruction of the breast and aesthetic surgery of the breast. His secondary interests are microsurgical reconstruction of the chest wall, abdomen and lower limb.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He specializes in cosmetic surgery of the face, body and breast, performing procedures related to each with the highest level of surgical skill and artistry. With impeccable training and credentials, Dr. Greenwald helps tummy tuck patients achieve natural-looking results with minimal down time.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Iannotti graduated from Northwestern University Feinberg School of Medicine in 1979 and has been in practice for 38 years. He completed a residency at University of Pennsylvania Health System. He currently practices at The Cleveland Clinic and is affiliated with Cleveland Clinic. Dr. Iannotti accepts multiple insurance plans including Aetna, Blue Cross Blue Shield of Michigan and Medical Mutual of Ohio. In addition to English, Dr. Iannotti's practice supports these languages: Polish, Vietnamese, Russian, French, Arabic, Tagalog, German, Spanish, Italian and Korean.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She likewise races a high-profile substance-abuse clinic in Las Vegas. Oh, and she\u2019s the publisher of Israel\u2019s largest newspaper and, with her billionaire spouse Sheldon, a donor and influential Republican party donor.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " She takes most major insurance. She specializes in pediatrics, women\u2019s health, herbal medicine, massage therapy and gut health including being a certified GAPS practitioner.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " She practices in Anchorage, Alaska and has the professional credentials of MD. The NPI Number for Shawn L Hadley is 1962478859 and she holds a License No. AA2061 (Alaska).", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Romona started her career in medicine as a Midwife but soon learned she wanted to treat the whole patient and fell in love with the internal medicine population. She practiced Acute Care for 15 years, working with hospitalists in both San Joaquin and Bakersfield Heart Hospital. She is also a member of the American Academy of Physician Assistants.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " J. Patrick Smith and Dr. Wulf to coordinate excellent orthopedic patient care. Her responsibilities include assisting in surgery, hospital rounds, conducting history and physical exams, ordering and interpreting tests, performing injections, splinting/casting, and writing prescriptions.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " In addition to taking care of patients with lymphoma and CLL, Dr. Danilov initiates and leads clinical trials and heads a research laboratory which investigates novel therapeutic targets in lymphoma. Importantly, in collaboration with industry, his research team translates bench discoveries into early-phase clinical trials, which are poised to improve lives of patients by developing safe and effective new treatments. Dr. Danilov is a Lymphoma Research Foundation Clinical Investigator and a Knight Research Scholar. He and his research team are recipients of numerous awards, including the Leukemia and Lymphoma Society Translational Research Program Award, American Society of Hematology Abstract Achievement Award, Gazzaniga Family Prize, Professor Albitski Prize and others. His research is consistently featured at national and international meetings.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Born in Germany, Dr. Primomo obtained her medical degree at Loyola University in Chicago. It was at Loyola that she met and married her classmate, Dr. John Primomo. In 1978, she became medical director of San Antonio's first hospice at St. Benedict's facility. Today over 1,000 patients a day are served by San Antonio's 28 hospices, 5 of which named Dr. Primomo as their medical director.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Dr. Mark Mofid graduated with his undergraduate degree from Harvard University, then went on to receive his medical degree and specializes training from The Johns Hopkins University School of Medicine.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Her goal as a healthcare provider is to educate patients on preventive medicine and to offer patients the most current, effective approaches to their plan of care. Christina holds a special interest in women's health. During her spare time, Christina enoys trying new food, bowling, hiking, and traveling the wonders of the world. She is currently welcoming new patients and accepts most insurance plans.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Bae earned his MD at Yale University and completed training at Northshore University Hospital, Hospital for Special Surgery, and Case Western Reserve University. He has received several honors, authored many research publications and book chapters, and frequently presents research and clinical work at professional meetings. He specializes in minimally-invasive microsurgery and treatment of cervical and lumbar spinal diseases, and he is a pioneer in new therapies, including stem cell transplants and nuclear replacements.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She has worked with not-for-profit woman\u2019s health clinics, NGOs dedicated to advancing women\u2019s reproductive health issues, and published research in this area of practice. In 2008, Tatiana was elected an Associate Member of the American College of Obstetricians and Gynaecologists. Tatiana is an Adjunct Professor in the Department of Health and Sciences at a prominent mid-Atlantic university, teaching courses in medical topics at the Graduate and Undergraduate level. In 2015 Tatiana completed a Master\u2019s Degree in Public Health with Global Health Certificate from UMass Amherst. Tatiana has been a member of the Medical School team at West Cumberland Medical Education Centre since May 2017, teaching on the Physician Associate Studies and the BSc (Hons) Medical Sciences (Foundation Entry) programmes.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " She practices in Greenbrae, California. She attended Yale University and obtained her medical degree from the University of Chicago in 2003. While a medical student, Dr. Kelley developed a lifelong passion for women\u2019s health. She completed a residency in obstetrics and gynecology at the University of California, San Francisco, and was elected chief resident. Dr. Kelley completed a fellowship in breast surgical oncology at the University of Southern California, studying under Dr. Melvin Silverstein. Combining state-of-the-art breast surgical care with a holistic approach to breast cancer and gynecologic care, Dr. Kelley strives to bring the best of women\u2019s healthcare to each patient. Her publications include topics related to breast health, breast cancer outcomes, lesbian health and medical education. Dr. Kelley lives in Oakland. She is an avid runner, cyclist and outdoorswoman.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He is known around the world but is particularly popular in the state of Kerala. His career began under the famous Professor Dr. G. Venketasamy. He was the renowned doctor\u2019s assistant professor at Madurai Medical College. He began to study different Squint cases at the Orthoptic and Pleoptic Department.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She received her medical degree from Icahn School of Medicine at Mount Sinai and has been in practice for more than 20 years. Dr. Pacheco accepts several types of health insurance, listed below. She is one of 16 doctors at Coral Gables Hospital and one of 5 at Westchester General Hospital who specialize in Plastic Surgery. She also speaks multiple languages, including Spanish.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She graduated from Midwestern University / Arizona College of Osteopathic Medicine / Midwestern University in 2013 and specializes in physician assistant (pa), family medicine, and more.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Naiem has had a long career as a Burns Surgeon and has considerable experience in both clinical practice and research associated with the management of burn injuries. He is chairman of the British Burn Association.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Josie was initially a LPN in a medical surgical floor at Pelham Bay General Hospital in Bronx, NY. She attended St John University in Queens, NY, earning a BS degree in Allied Health in 1987 and trained at Bayley Seton Hospital where she earned her Physician Assistant Certificate. She is currently board certified through the National Commission on Certification of Physician Assistants and is a member of the American Academy of Physician Assistants. She has practiced in a number of medical arenas including surgery as a first assistant, alcohol and drug detoxification, and family practice.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " A medical graduate of the University of Sydney, he completed his ophthalmic training at the Sydney Eye Hospital and is a Fellow of the Royal Australian and New Zealand College of Ophthalmologists. He has completed a fellowship in glaucoma at Cheltenham and Gloucester, UK. He has recently been appointed as a clinical lecturer and visiting medical officer at Macquarie University Hospital.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He directs a private clinic in Manhattan, is on the staff of New York-Presbyterian Hospital, and is an assistant clinical professor of surgery at Weill Cornell Medical College. Dr. Imber is the author ofThe Youth Corridorand several other beauty books, as well asGenius on the Edge, the biography ...", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He is currently the president of the Syrian American Medical Society (SAMS), a nonprofit, nonpolitical professional and medical relief organization that provides assistance to Syrians in need and represents thousands of Syrian American medical professionals in the United States. Dr. Tarakji is also a current board member of the SAMS Foundation.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Raised in the Pittsburgh area, Dr. McCafferty received his Bachelor of Science degree from Penn State University, his Medical Doctorate from Temple University and completed his internship and residency in General Surgery at Cedars-Sinai Medical Center in Los Angeles, California. His training in Plastic Surgery was at the University of Miami, Jackson Memorial Medical Center in Miami, Florida under the world-renowned plastic surgeon, D. Ralph Millard, Jr., M.D. Prior to his return to Pittsburgh, Dr. McCafferty was Assistant Professor of Clinical Surgery at the University of Miami and Chief of Staff Services at the University of Miami Jackson Memorial Medical Center.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He is also an educator in the field of plastic surgery and an innovative leader. DrRohrich is a full professor at the University of Texas Southwestern Medical Center in Dallas. He is also the Chairman of the Plastic Surgery Department at the University. DrRohrich is a recipient of the Rod J. Rohrich Distinguished Professorship Award in Plastic Surgery and wound healing. DrRohrich is also a Holder of the Warren and Betty Woodward Chair in Reconstructive and Plastic Surgery. Rohrich also has a clinical practice in some of the most reputable hospitals in all of the United States such as Baylor University Medical Center, UT Southwestern Medical Center, the Tom Landry Sports Center and Zale Lipshy University Hospital. Dr. Rohrich is a certified medical practitioner by the American Board of Plastic Surgery.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " With a specialty in General Internal Medicine. She received her Doctor of Medicine from Tehran University of Medical Sciences and did her Internal Medicine training at the University of Toronto. Dr. Sheykholeslami is an Internist - Hospitalist. Dr. Sheykholeslami is fluent in English and Farsi (Persian).", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He is the only surgeon in the Illinois Region who routinely performs complex and intricate heart surgeries such as replacing an entire heart valve, repairing valves, procedures for abnormal heart rhythms (MAZE) and removal of tumors through a keyhole incision ( about 2 inches to 3 inches long) without cracking the breast bone open. He was featured on the front page of the State Journal Register for his accomplishments.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She is a Research Leader in the Clinical Management Group at the Woolcock Institute of Medical Research, Chair of the Science Committee of the Global Initiative for Asthma (GINA), Clinical Adviser for the Australian Centre for Airways Disease Monitoring (ACAM), and a member of the Australian Asthma Handbook Guidelines Committee. Professor Reddel\u2019s current research focusses on strategies to improve the management of asthma and COPD, with particular interest in improving the quality prescribing and use of respiratory medications in primary care, and population level monitoring of asthma and COPD through ACAM. She is co-chairing a multinational longitudinal study of 15,000 patients with asthma and/or COPD that aims to identify underlying disease mechanisms so that targeted treatments can be developed. Professor Reddel has a strong focus on improving communication between patients and", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " She is a member of the American Academy of Physician Assistants and the New Jersey State Society of Physician Assistants. Kristen received her Baccalaureate of Science from Virginia Polytechnic Institute and State University. She then went on to receive her Master of Science and Physician Assistant certification from Rutgers University in Newark, NJ.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " She graduated with honors in 2016. Having more than 2 years of diverse experiences, especially in PHYSICIAN ASSISTANT, Helen H Lam affiliates with no hospital, and cooperates with other doctors and specialists without joining any medical groups. Call Helen H Lam on phone number (661) 702-1440 for more information and advice or to book an appointment.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He grew up in Raleigh where his father, Reverend Thomas Law, served as pastor of St. Paul\u2019s Christian Church for 30 years. Dr. Law attended Broughton High School. He then attended the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill, where he earned a Bachelor of Science degree with honors and was inducted into Phi Beta Kappa. He received his M.D. degree at Emory University, where he graduated magna cum laude, second in his class of over 100 graduating physicians.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He obtained his M.B.B.S. and M.S. (Surgery) from B.J. Medical College, Ahmedabad, India. He then studied in the U.K. and earned an F.R.C.S from the Royal College of Surgeons of Edinburgh. He received a Transplant Fellowship at the University of Oxford, U.K., followed by Clinical Fellowships at the Boston University and Mt. Sinai Medical Center, New York.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He completed his residency at the University of Miami/ Jackson Memorial Hospital and his hand surgery fellowship at the Indiana Hand to Shoulder Center. When not working, he enjoys spending time with his family, traveling around the world, and rooting for Penn State football.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She received her training in prestigious institutions like KEM Hospital, Mumbai and Harvard University and Fred Hutchinson Centre in USA. Her aspiration to bring together unmatchable clinical acumen in India and state-of-art management protocols in the USA brought her back to India where she strives to offer medical care of the highest quality to all her patients. She now works as an Infectious Disease Consultant at Unison Medicare and Research Centre, one of the few comprehensive infectious disease centres in the country and at Prince Aly Khan Hospital, Mazagaon, a multi-speciality hospital in South Mumbai.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Dr. Zabilski graduated from Tufts University School of Medicine in 1984 and has been in practice for 34 years. He completed a residency at Loyola University Medical Center. He currently practices at Plymouth Bay Orthopedic Associates and is affiliated with Beth Israel Deaconess Hospital Plymouth and South Shore Hospital. Dr. Zabilski accepts multiple insurance plans including Aetna, Harvard Pilgrim and Tufts Health Plan.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " His expertise includes the diagnosis, treatment, and surgical management of both simple and complex lung and airway cancers, pulmonary metastases, pulmonary neuroendocrine tumors (carcinoids), thymoma, thymic carcinoma, thoracic germ cell tumors, malignant mesothelioma, esophageal cancer, Barrett\u2019s esophagus, gastro-esophageal reflux disease (GERD), achalasia, and paraesophageal hernias.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He graduated from the University of New South Wales with honours in 2003, and subsequently did his internship, residency and surgical training at Westmead Hospital. He was awarded Fellow of the Royal Australasian College of Surgeons in 2012, and then did further post fellowship training in breast surgical oncology at the Westmead Breast Cancer Institute, involving research and oncoplastic breast surgery.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Raffo practices at Maryland Orthopedic Specialists with offices in Bethesda and Germantown, a practice he co-founded in 2009. The practice features many convenient features, such as on site diagnostic x-ray, on-site casting and bracing, a team of dedicated physical therapists, and easy access to appointments. Maryland Orthopedic Specialists is a division of the Centers for Advanced Orthopedics, the regions largest and most diverse musculoskeletal providers.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He specializes in breast augmentation and has conducted many clinical trials via his Clinical Research Division, through which he investigates devices, injectables, and more.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He has participated in the design and development of many minimally invasive surgical techniques that have led to a dramatic decrease in the discomfort typically associated with spinal procedures. Khanna\u2019s research has been published in multiple medical journals, and he is the spokesperson for the American Academy of Orthopedic Surgery.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Mrs. Berka received her undergraduate degree in General Science from Springfield College in Massachusetts. She graduated from the Springfield College Physician Assistant Program in 2001. Mrs. Berka has been caring for the dermatologic needs of the communities of Charlotte and Rock Hill for 8 years.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He is summoned by his one-time love, Maude, who is now married to Baron Sardonicus. When he arrives, he finds villagers who live in fear. The Baron is strange man, not the least because he covers his face with a mask. Eventually, he tells Sir Robert the story of how he acquired his current affliction - his face is is frozen and hideously disfigured. Despite Sir Robert's best efforts, he can't return his face to normal. The Baron however forces him to keep trying, threatening to harm Maude if he refuses.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He discuss and offer both vasectomy reversal as part of an IVF cycle as a legitimate alternative to vasectomy reversal. He also offer a complete and honest discussion on the management alternatives and provide realistic statistics on pregnancy rates.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He is board certified by the American Board of Surgery and has been practicing with Harbin Clinic since 2007. He earned his medical degree from Emory University School of Medicine, Atlanta, Ga. and his undergraduate degree from the University of Georgia, Athens. Dr. Mayfield is a member of the Fellow of American College of Surgeons, Medical Association of Georgia, Society of American Gastrointestinal Endoscopic Surgeons and American Society of Breast Surgeons. Dr. Mayfield resides in Rome with wife, Laurie, and 4 children.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She practices in Fpo, Armed Forces Americas and has the professional credentials of PA-C. The NPI Number for Kristin V Karcher is 1578511754 and she holds a License No. 0110001732 (Virginia).", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " For his medical education, he joined the Duke University School of Medicine and worked as a Resident of Plastic Surgery at the same University. He also worked in University of London and Oxford in the field of Plastic Surgery to go in the depth of types of Surgery. Dr. Goodkind also got the golden privilege to work as a fellow of Christine Kleinert Hand Fellowship at the University of Louisville. Certified by the American Board of Plastic Surgery, he has hospital affiliations at Milford Hospital, Yale-New Haven Hospital and Hospital of Saint Raphael Campus-Yale. Being a member of American Society of Plastic Surgeons (ASPS), he has specialization in Smart Liposuction, Breast Augmentation and Eyelid Surgery.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " A graduate of the University of Valencia, he specialized in Traumatology and Orthopedic Surgery at the Hospital La Fe and also holds a Masters in emergencies for Personal Health. Dr. Palomar also has a master's degree in Emergency and Disaster Health. For months comprised of the CEMTRO Clinic Madrid specialization artrosc\u00f3pita surgery and Endo-Klinic Hamburg p...", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " A 1976 graduate of the Indiana University School of Medicine, he completed his residency at Indiana University Medical Center in Otolaryngology - Head and Neck Surgery. Dr. Beeson then completed a fellowship with the American Academy of Facial Plastic and Reconstructive Surgery. He is triple board certified in three areas: American Board of Otolaryngology, American Board of Cosmetic Surgery, and the American Board of Facial Plastic and Reconstructive Surgery.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She is passionate about bridging the gap between community resources and healthcare in creating a seamless, efficient and equitable environment fostering overall well-being for all. With a special interest in sexual health and mental health, she has been involved in various research and community projects in Toronto over the last 4 years.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " She practices in Birmingham, Alabama and has the professional credentials of MD. The NPI Number for Dr. Deepti Bahl is 1003098070 and she holds a License No. 30589 (Alabama).", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He also serves as an assistant clinical professor at the Indiana University Department of orthopedic surgery. Throughout his career, Dr. Schwartz has published several articles in professional journals and his research has been recognized by the North American Spine Society and International Intradiscal Therapy Society. Dr. Schwartz is also the inventor of the Anteres and Leverage Spinal Instrumentation Systems.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Nagarwala, licensed in Michigan, was accused of cutting the genitals of two Minnesota girls who traveled to Michigan with their mothers on what they had been told was a \u201especial girls\u2018 trip\u201c. They were instead taken to a clinic in Livonia, where Nagarwala operated on them. She faces life in prison if convicted.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " She practices in Apo, Armed Forces Americas and has the professional credentials of . The NPI Number for Victoria Okpala is 1881052793 and she holds a License No. 33149 (Oklahoma).", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He grew up in Portland, Oregon. He completed his undergraduate degree at the University of California, Berkeley. He then earned his medical degree at the University of Sydney in Australia, and later worked at Prince of Wales Hospital as a resident medical officer. From there, he completed a general surgery residency at Drexel University College of Medicine in Philadelphia, followed by an endocrine surgery fellowship at Weill Cornell Medical College in New York.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She practices in Austin, Texas and has the professional credentials of MD. The NPI Number for Dr. Teresa Boyle is 1164482287 and she holds a License No. K8023 (Texas).", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Originally from Ohio, Dr. Roode graduated from Wright State University with honors before his life-long desire and commitment to help people brought him to a career as a chiropractor. He was accepted into the National University of Health Sciences in Chicago to acquire his doctoral degree in chiropractic.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Dr. Saad Saad was born in Palestine before his family relocated to Kuwait. He comes from a large family with seven other siblings, which he credits for his skill with understanding children.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She completed her physician assistant degree at the University of Saint Francis in Fort Wayne, Indiana. Michelle joined the medical staff of Schneck in 2016.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He received his medical degree from Yale University School of Medicine and has been in practice between 11-20 years. He is one of 3 doctors at Fox Chase Cancer Center and one of 71 at Kennedy University Hospital who specialize in Orthopedic Surgery/oncology orthopedic surgery. He is well versed in radiology-related aspects of orthopedic surgical procedures as well.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Kurre graduated from University of Louisville School of Medicine in 1969 and has been in practice for 49 years. He completed a residency at Grady Memorial Hospital. He currently practices at Eugene C McClintic MD and is affiliated with Wellmont Bristol Regional Medical Center. Dr. Kurre accepts multiple insurance plans including Aetna, Medicare and Humana. Dr. Kurre also practices at Surgical Associates PC in Bristol, TN.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Cain completed medical school at the University of Louisville School of Medicine. He completed his residency in general surgery at the University of Alabama-Birmingham and his fellowship in vascular surgery at Eastern Virginia Medical School.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Jejurikar is fulfilled from his work. He wants to make a difference in someone\u2019s life, at the Dallas Plastic Surgery Institute. Dr. Sam Jejurikar makes certain that his procedures are safe. Dr. Jejurikar accepts the following kinds of insurance, BCBS Blue Card PPO, BCBS Texas BlueChoice, CIGNA HMO, CIGNA Open Access, CIGNA PPO, Great West PPO, Humana Choice Care Network PPO, United Health Care Direct Choice Plus POS, United Health Care Direct Options PPO. Dr. Jejurikar is affiliated with Texas Health Presbyterian Hospital Dallas, and the Pine Creek Medical Center.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " During those years, she saw how often that approach fails patients and creates new diseases. Suzanne is board-certified in nephrology and was formerly certified in internal medicine. She graduated from Temple University Medical School. Read more about Suzanne on her website DrSuzanne.net.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He received his medical degree from the University of Texas Southwestern Medical Center in Dallas and completed residency in both internal medicine and pediatrics at the University of Rochester in New York. As an internist and a pediatrician, he provides specialized primary care for both adults and children.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " She is board certified in neurology and sleep medicine. Specialty interests include adult sleep apnea, insomnia, narcolepsy, idiopathic hypersomnia, restless leg syndrome, REM sleep behavior disorder, sleep walking, sleep terrors, and circadian rhythm disorders.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " She is currently developing a model to predict the incidence of cognitive and physical functional limitations in older adults. She can be reached for questions at rosanoc@edc.pitt.edu .", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Focusing on surgery of the shoulder, elbow, and knee. He is currently the Chief Science Officer for Emirates Healthcare and Chief Executive Officer for Emirates Integra Medical & Surgery Centre. An internationally renowned clinician, educator, and researcher, he frequently lectures on MSK regenerative medicine. He is also the Principal Investigator in clinical trials investigating adjuvant stem cells in the treatment of articular cartilage defect(s), the use of gold-induced cytokines for treatment of shoulder tendinopathy. He has authored several publications on musculoskeletal medicine and biological treatments.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Oh has published many peer-reviewed scientific articles and book chapters, and is a member of the Plastic Surgery Research Council. His current research interests involve altered neurophysiology of patients with craniofacial anomalies, biological markers in cleft lip/palate, craniofacial trauma, and vascular anomalies.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He read Medicine at the University of New South Wales and completed his training in General Surgery in Singapore. He did his Endovascular fellowship at Prince of Wales Hospital, Sydney as a Senior Clinical Fellow in 2007.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He chaired the Clinic\u2019s Breast Cancer Task Force and headed its Section of Thyroid and Parathyroid Surgery. He is a Fellow of the American College of Cardiology and served as President of the American Association of Endocrine Surgeons. He has written over 150 scientific publications and in 1995 published his benchmark long-term nutritional research about arresting and reversing coronary artery disease in severely ill patients. That same study was updated at 12 years and reviewed beyond twenty years in his book, Prevent and Reverse Heart Disease, making it one of the longest longitudinal studies of its type.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " She practices in Apo, Armed Forces Europe and has the professional credentials of M.D.. The NPI Number for Dr. Danielle J Wilhelm is 1639218670 and she holds a License No. 0101252612 (Virginia).", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Ng received his bachelor\u2019s degree from the University of Toronto and his medical degree from Queen\u2019s University School of Medicine in Kingston, Canada. He completed his residency in general surgery at The Warren Alpert Medical School of Brown University, a fellowship in critical care medicine at the University of Toronto and a fellowship in thoracic surgery at the University of Ottawa. Ng is active in a number of societies, including the American College of Surgeons, Canadian Association of Thoracic Surgeons, Cancer and Leukemia Group B, New England Surgical Society, Rhode Island Medical Society, Royal College of Surgeons of Canada, Society of Surgical Oncology and Society of Thoracic Surgeons.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He described a nutritional model of inflammation which combined fructose, refined carbohydrates and polyunsaturated oils in 2013. He speaks nationally and internationally on the topic of the role of nutrition in modern diseases.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Her practice focus spans from pediatrics to geriatric care with strong passions for physical medicine, nutrition, homeopathy and acupuncture. drahawnae@yahoo.com, pingelprogressivemedicine.com and 602-845-8949.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " She is a Provincial Notable Physician of Chinese Medicine,one of the second batches National Excellent Clinical Talents of Chinese Medicine,chairman committee member of China Acu & Moxi Academy, chairman committee member of Clinical & Shu Points Branch, and vice chairman committee member of Abdominal Acupuncture Branch.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He's also the founder of SavedByScience and one of the original hosts of Road to Reason: A Skeptic\u2019s Guide to the 21st Century, a weekly public access television show that explores the failings of faith as an epistemological system (or way of understanding the world). Other topics include the harm done by religion; the importance of secularism & separation of church and state; and a broad range of issues on the skeptical front \u2013 from \u2018alternative medicine\u2019 (read as scientifically groundless quackery); to cognitive bias; to the importance of the scientific method.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Dr. Boone is also the associate division chief at St. Vincent\u2019s Medical Center and an adjunct clinical assistant professor at Quinnipiac College, Hamden, CT. Dr. Boone received his medical degree from the University of Pennsylvania and completed his internship at New York University/Bellevue Hospital. He completed his orthopaedic residency at the University of Medicine and Dentistry, Newark, NJ and a fellowship in total joint reconstruction at Indiana University, Purdue Medical Center. Dr. Boone is a member of many professional societies, including The American Medical Association and American Association of Orthopaedic Surgeons.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Mr. O'Neill has specialized in Head, Neck and Skull Base surgery. He recently completed a two year Fellowship at Memorial Sloan Kettering Cancer Center (MKSCC) in New York. Mr. O'Neill has an MD in Thyroid Cancer and publications on all aspects of Head and Neck Cancer Care. In recent times, he conducted a HPV analysis of the 'Unknown Primary' at MKSCC with Dr. Dennis Kraus.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She joins OhioHealth Primary Care Physicians from the University of Texas \u2013 Houston Health Sciences where she served as an Assistant Professor during which she instructed residents and medical students. While in Texas, she practiced in a variety of settings including being a hospitalist, and working in low-income and academic clinics.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Dr. Samadi currently acts as the Chairman of Urology as well as the Chief of Robotic Surgery at Lenox Hill Hospital, which is located in New York, NY. Dr. Samadi is known for his wide-ranging curiosity as well as for his drive to find new treatment options for the care of patients. All of this has made him a well known medical expert who frequently writes and speaks on the subject of robotic surgery techniques. Dr. Samadi frequently appears on television as a well-regarded medical expert, and online on various healthcare websites.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She teaches at the Perelman School of Medicine at the University of Pennsylvania. Her academic interests are pediatric ethics and the medical humanities. Writing poetry helps to keep her sane.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " She completed medical school, pediatric residency, and served as chief resident at Golisano Children's Hospital (University of Rochester School of Medicine) in Rochester, New York. She completed her pediatric critical care medicine fellowship at the Children's Hospital of Philadelphia in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. Her clinical and research interests include neurocritical care, including traumatic brain injury and status epilepticus, as well as resuscitation science and medical education.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " She attended The Ohio State University for medical school, and completed residency at Riley Hospital through IU in Indianapolis. She has a passion for preventive care and educating her patients about healthy living. Hospital for Children.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " She graduated with honors from Medical School at Padua University, where she also completed Internal Medicine training, subsequently majoring in Emergency Medicine. She is an active researcher studying prevalence and treatment of venous thromboembolism. Her scientific interests particularly focus on clinical research in the field of venous thromboembolism (VTE), with special regards to prevention of VTE in medical ill patients and diagnosis and treatment of VTE even in unusual sites.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Dr. Armstrong graduated from the Ohio State University School of Medicine in 1976 and completed postgraduate training in general surgery in 1981 at the Naval Regional Medical Center in Portsmouth, Virginia. After finishing Naval Service, Dr. Armstrong entered private practice in upper Michigan for 18 years. He has been in his current position for 10 years. Dr. Armstrong serves as the Chief Operating Officer of Docs4PatientCare.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She practices in Birmingham, Alabama and has the professional credentials of M.D.. The NPI Number for Stephanie Beatrous Walsh is 1972706372 and she holds a License No. 29213 (Alabama).", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " She received her doctorate of Chiropractic Medicine and certificate in Acupuncture from the National University of Health Sciences in Lombard, Illinois in 2012. Dr. Gatsinos's whole health approach addresses the patient's immediate concern while getting to the root of the problem. Using her knowledge of the musculoskeletal system, orthopedics, current research, physical therapy, and acupuncture, she will devise the ideal treatment plan to alleviate the immediate problem and work with the patient to prevent future injuries. Her primary goal is to provide all her patients with the best health care possible.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He is currently licensed to practice medicine in New Jersey. He is affiliated with St. Barnabas Medical Center, Overlook Medical Center, and Newark Beth Israel Medical Center.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He gained his medical degree from Sichuan University in 2005, and then accomplished the resident training on surgery and thoracic surgery in West China Hospital of Sichuan University. From Sep 2014 to Sep 2015, he was sponsored by the China Scholarship Council to get trained on basic research of lung cancer progression in Tulane University, New Orleans, LA. At the end of 2015, he received his PhD degree from Sichuan University.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " The doctor is board certified by the American Board of Facial Plastic and Reconstructive Surgery and by the American Board of Otolaryngology, and he is a fellow of the American College of Surgeons and the American Academy of Facial Plastic and Reconstructive Surgery. He is also a member of several important organizations including the American Medical Association, Sigma XI Honorary Scientific Society, Florida Medical Society, and Dade County Medical Society. Dr. Wolf\u2019s other achievements include regular guest appearances on South Florida television and radio as well as authorship of popular columns for The Miami Herald and Cosmopolitan Magazine (Spanish version).", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He was awarded a Swiss government scholarship to carry out research on liver surgery at the University of Zurich from 2009 to 2011. Subsequently he continued his clinical training as a surgical trainee at the department of Visceral Surgery and Transplantation of the University Hospital Zurich. His clinical and research activities are focused mainly on liver surgery and transplantation. His medical knowledge will add great value to the team.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She earned her medical degree from The University of Carabobo School of Medicine in Venezuela in 1995. Dr. Rivas completed an internship in internal medicine at Staten Island University Hospital before finishing her residency at St. Luke\u2019s/Roosevelt Hospital Center in 2001.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Dr. Feaga is well trained in non-operative obstetrics, having completed her Family Medicine training at Maine-Dartmouth Residency, and worked along-side the Dartmouth OB residents. She has specific strengths in osteopathic manipulation and holistic medicine and enjoys helping her patients explore the joys and trials of pregnancy and parenting. Dr. Feaga treats many gynecological issues as well.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Dr. Light specializes in spinal surgery and provides treatment for conditions, including lower back pain, neck pain, spinal stenosis, sciatica, and herniated discs. He also repairs failed neck and back surgeries and performs disc replacement arthroplasty.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He is a star-gazer, painter, and writer. He is an amalgamation of all kinds of arts and activities. He is a happy go lucky person, who just sees love in everything. From the very tender age, he had an quest to know the truth. He admires and worships Rama Krishna and believes Nannagaru is an avatar of Rama Krishna and worships him in this form. He is a simple person who is an embodiment of love.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Mumford graduated from University of Iowa Roy J & Lucille A Carver College of Medicine in 1986 and has been in practice for 31 years. He completed a residency at University of Iowa Hospitals & Clinics. He currently practices at Stormont Vail Lab and is affiliated with Stormont Vail Regional Health Center. Dr. Mumford accepts multiple insurance plans including Aetna, Medicare and Humana. Dr. Mumford also practices at Michael Lee Smith MD in Topeka, KS. In addition to English, Dr. Mumford's practice supports this language: Spanish.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He also holds long-term appointments at several local hospitals, including Gulf Coast Medical Center and Northwest Florida Surgery Center. Dr. Kelley is now an active staff member at Jackson Hospital in Marianna, FL.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Wombwell graduated from University of Kentucky College of Medicine in 1980 and has been in practice for 37 years. He completed a residency at Duke University Medical Center. He currently practices at Orthopedic Center of Central Va and is affiliated with Lynchburg General Hospital. Dr. Wombwell accepts multiple insurance plans including Aetna, Medicare and Humana. In addition to English, Dr. Wombwell's practice supports this language: Spanish.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She currently splits her week working at Royal Stoke University Hospital\u2019s Surgical Assessment Unit and at Moorcroft Medical Centre in Hanley and Moss Green Surgery in Bentilee and praised the programme for the variety it provides.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He is specialized in Arthroscopic surgeries of knee, shoulder, ankle, wrist, elbow, hip and joint surgeries including revision surgeries. Dr. Sanjai kumar is passionate and active participant in CME, workshops, training courses in India and Abroad.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He cares for patients at the general surgery location in Berlin, VT. Dr. Ziedins is also an assistant professor at the University of Vermont College of Medicine. He earned his medical degree from the University of Maryland School of Medicine and completed his General Surgery Residency at the UVM Medical Center and Research Fellowship at the University of Vermont College of Medicine.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He earned his medical degree from the State University of New York at Downstate Medical Center, and completed his internship and residencies in General Surgery and Plastic Surgery at Kings County Hospital in Brooklyn, NY. Dr. Fine served in the U.S. Navy (active duty) from 1971 to 1973, rising to the rank of commander.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Prior to her enrollment at Georgetown, Lisa attended Marquette University where she graduated in May, 2014, Magna Cum Laude with a degree in Biomedical Sciences. Lisa is dedicated to her studies but also enjoys running, lifting, and yoga to stay healthy and balanced. In addition, she has a passion for the fine arts and enjoys painting, drawing, photography, and culinary arts. As the former president of the largest student group on campus at Marquette, the Biomedical Sciences Student Association, and current Director of the Georgetown Student Mentorship Program, Lisa is devoted to service and leadership. She is continuing to demonstrate these qualities as she advances in her career at Georgetown.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He specializes in shoulder and elbow surgery. His clinical interests include biomechanical evaluation of rotator cuff repair techniques, reverse shoulder arthroplasty, and sports related injuries.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Pizzo graduated from University of Florida College of Medicine in 1971 and has been in practice for 47 years. He completed a residency at St Francis Memorial Hospital. He currently practices at Toni Sloman NP and is affiliated with Memorial Hospital of Tampa and St Joseph's Women's Hospital. Dr. Pizzo accepts multiple insurance plans including Medicare, Blue Cross Blue Shield and Blue Cross Blue Shield of Florida.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He created the Health Starts Here initiative for whole foods and is the research director of the Nutritional Research Project of the National Health Association.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He was the first surgeon in Europe to implant the miniature telescope, a pioneering technique improving vision and quality of life. He visits in The Harley Street Eye Clinic, where he is also the director, as well as consulting in prestigious hospitals. He forms a member of numerous boards and societies and also publishes.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He completed his residency program at the distinguished Department of Orthopedic Surgery at RUSH University Medical Center in Chicago in 2006. He is board certified by the American Board of Clinical Orthopedic Surgery and has been performing orthopedic surgery for over 10 years. Doctor Wakim has a passion for finding non-surgical, biologic solutions to a number of the musculoskeletal problems that plague many people who are entering various stages of maturity. Dr. Wakim focuses on respecting the body\u2019s inherent capacity to heal on its own and to surgically intervene only when necessary.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She was raised in a military family and has lived in several states as well as abroad in Germany. Since joining Gwinnett Dermatology in 2013, Courtney is committed to providing excellent care to patients of all ages, from infants to the elderly. She believes patient education is an important aspect of dermatology, and enjoys taking time to make sure her patients understand their treatment options and plans. Her practice includes general dermatology, pediatric dermatology, and surgical dermatology.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He along with his fellow surgeons strive to perform the least invasive procedures possible, according to The Brunswick News. By Mackenzie Garrity - 3/20/18", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He has a special interest in ACL, rotator cuff, cartilage preservation, hip arthroscopy, stem-cell/PRP therapy, and minimally invasive total joint replacement surgeries. He has extensive experience in sports medicine having completed a Sports Medicine Surgery Fellowship at the Ochsner Sports Medicine Institute in New Orleans, Louisiana. Dr. Vansadia has taken care of athletes at all levels. During his training, he served as an assistant team physician for the NFL New Orleans Saints, NBA New Orleans Pelicans, University of New Orleans, Dayton Dutch Lions FC, John Curtis High School, and Centerville High School.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He specializes in body contouring techniques, such as tumescent power assisted liposuction, abdominoplasty, breast augmentation, breast lift, and male breast reduction. He is also an expert with aesthetic surgery of the face, including facelifts, blepharoplasty (eyelid surgery), lip augmentation, rhinoplasty, and chin and cheek implants.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " In private practice in Plano since 1996, he formerly served on the full-time plastic surgery faculty at The University of Texas Southwestern Medical Center in Dallas where he was the Chief of Plastic Surgery at Parkland Memorial Hospital.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He has years of experience and training performing both cosmetic and reconstructive procedures for the face, body and breast, and is dedicated to quality care and patient education.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Her clinical expertise is in peripheral nerve injury, complex regional pain syndrome and chronic post-surgical pain. Her research uses animal models of these conditions to further understand the neuroimmune contribution to persistent pain.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Dr. Brown is the Medical Director of Pacific Interventional Vascular Access Center in Culver City, California. Dr. Brown received his medical degree from Boston University School of Medicine. He completed a seven-year residency in surgery at UCLA Medical Center, two years of which were spent publishing research in vascular surgery with a specific focus on aortic aneurysms and peripheral vascular disease. Dr. Brown is a Fellow of the American College of Surgeons and is board certified in general surgery.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He believes cannabis might be helpful for people with the kind of neuropathic pain related to multiple sclerosis\u2014but he's not certain it should be used for the sort of musculoskeletal pain that NFL players endure. Dr. Prisk says it could be argued that cannabis may be a performance-enhancing drug. \"It can increase appetite for a lineman who needs to put on weight,\" he says.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He has been on the Oprah Winfrey Show, Good Morning America, and The View. Dr. Rohrich is an expert plastic surgeon known for his work in rhinoplasty, facelifts, breast surgery, and revision rhinoplasty.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " His research interest is on the development and implementation of novel therapeutic strategies for pancreatic cancer utilising molecular biomarkers of prognosis and therapeutic responsiveness. He is the co-lead of Precision-Panc, a pan-UK initiative to deliver personalized cancer care for pancreatic cancer, and is the chief investigator of its Master Protocol. He is also involved in Precision Promise, a Pancreatic Cancer Action Network (USA) initiative dedicated in delivering personalized treatment for patients with pancreatic cancer. In addition, he serves on the scientific planning committee of ICGC for Medicine (ICGCmed), to shaping the goals and the future of the next generation International Cancer Genome Consortium (ICGCmed) projects to realize the goals and promises of precision medicine.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She practices in Anchorage, Alaska and has the professional credentials of MD. The NPI Number for Mrs. Kristin M Murray is 1104887827 and she holds a License No. 50506 (Alaska).", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Dr. Feller graduated from University of Tennessee Health Science Center College of Medicine in 1971 and has been in practice for 46 years. He completed a residency at Boston University Medical Center. He currently practices at Covenant Clinic and is affiliated with Covenant Medical Center. Dr. Feller accepts multiple insurance plans including Aetna, Wellmark and Medicare.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Armand is also involved in teaching internal medicine residents in training. She is a faculty editor for MGH Primary Care Office InSite (PCOI), a website that provides patient information as well as guidelines for practicing physicians and healthcare staff. She is a medical director at ConsumerMedical, a company dedicated to educate and empower individuals in their healthcare decisions. Dr. Armand earned her medical degree from the University of California, San Francisco (UCSF) School of Medicine, where she also completed her internal medicine residency in a program dedicated to training physicians to become leaders in the care of the underserved.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Upon completion of his four-year medical training at the Duke University School of Medicine, he proceeded to complete six years of residency training in otolaryngology (head and neck surgery). Dr. Stein further went on to complete a year of fellowship in Facial Plastic Surgery.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She joined Family Practice Center and began her career as a physician assistant in 2007. Erin currently sees patients in Loysville, PA. </p> <p><strong>Education:</strong></p> <ul> <li>MS &ndash; Physician Assistant Studies, Arcadia University, Glenside, PA</li> <li>BS &ndash; Health Science/Psychology Minor, Lock Haven University, Lock Haven, PA", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " His clinical interests include stroke, brain tumour and spine surgery. Besides conventional neurosurgery for brain and spinal conditions, Dr Ng performs radiosurgery and endovascular interventions.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " The clinic is visited by doctors like Dr. (Mrs.) Aneet Wadhwa . The timings of Dr. (Mrs.) Aneet Wadhwa are: Mon-Sat: 18:00-20:00. Some of the services provided by the Clinic are: Consultation,Health Checkup and General Medical Consultation etc. Click on map to find directions to reach Dr. (Mrs.) Aneet Wadhwa.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He has written numerous articles in peer-reviewed publications in journals, such as Neurosurgery, Journal of Neurology, Neurosurgery, and Psychiatry, Pediatric Neurosurgery, and Journal of the American Chemical Society, and has authored chapters in textbooks on pediatric brain tumors and congenital malformations. He has been an invited speaker at numerous national and international symposiums. He is a member of the American Association of Neurological Surgeons, American Academy for Cerebral Palsy and Developmental Medicine, and the Congress of Neurological Surgeons.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He is well known for his humor, incisive and critical medical reports, and his sojourns in various jails around the world--he has a low tolerance for bureaucracy, which leads to trouble. For subscription information call (203) 699-4420.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " She received her undergraduate degree from Michigan State University, and her Masters degree in Biomedical Science with a concentration in Physician Assistant Studies from The University of Toledo. She is NCCPA certified. Emily has experience seeing patients of all ages. She is certified to perform DOT/ Commercial Motor Vehicle certification exams. Prior to working at Somerset Urgent Care she was an Internal Medicine Physician Assistant at William Beaumont Hospital.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " She graduated with a Masters of Medical Science degree from Emory University\u2019s Physician Assistant program with honors in 2001, and joined the practice in 2002. She is an active member of the American Academy of Physician Assistants, the Georgia Association of Physician Assistants, and the Georgia Dermatology Physician Assistant Society. She enjoys spending time with her husband and three boys.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " She is board-certified in medical oncology. She received her medical degree from Case Western Reserve University, completed her internal medicine residency at University Hospitals of Cleveland and completed a fellowship in hematology and medical oncology at the Hospital of the University of Pennsylvania.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He specializes in facelift, breast augmentation, tummy tuck, mommy makeover, BOTOX\u00ae Cosmetic, and other aesthetic procedures to help his patients look naturally attractive.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " His commitment to excellence is derived from his extensive academic training, strong sense of patient care and a passion for restoring form and function.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He treats hip and knee injuries and arthritis through joint surgery, with special emphasis on anterior total hip replacements, customized knee replacement, minimally invasive joint replacement and outpatient joint replacement. Dr. Fabi completed his M.D. and residency at the University of Illinois at Chicago. He continued his training through a joint reconstructive surgery fellowship with Rush University Medical Center.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Nini is known for working with great artistry in his work, as well as using the most advanced surgical techniques. While being recognized as \"Best Doctor\", Dr. Nini displays great skill by providing his patients with a \"celebrity\" look that maintains a natural appearance.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Cusick graduated from Georgetown University School of Medicine in 1965 and has been in practice for 53 years. He completed a residency at Rush Presbyterian St Lukes Medical Center. He currently practices at Waukesha Family Medicine Residency Program and is affiliated with Children's Hospital of Wisconsin and Froedtert Hospital. Dr. Cusick accepts multiple insurance plans including Aetna, Network Health Plan and Common Ground. Dr. Cusick also practices at Medical College of Wisconsin in Milwaukee, WI. In addition to English, Dr. Cusick's practice supports these languages: Spanish and French.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Prior to joining South Shore Skin Center, Rosemary practiced in Norfolk, VA. She holds a Bachelor of Arts degree in Biology from Miami University in Oxford, OH and completed her Physician Assistant studies at LeMoyne College in Syracuse, NY. She is a member of the American Academy of Physician Assistants, the Massachusetts Association of Physician Assistants and the Society of Dermatology Physician Assistants.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He is nationally recognized as a sports medicine expert and surgeon in the shoulder, knee and elbow. He has vast experience in successful non-operative and rehabilitative treatment techniques that avoid surgery. He treats all patients, both young and old, with varied backgrounds, including the injured worker, non-athlete, and athlete. His expertise has allowed athletes at all levels including high school, collegiate, and professional to return back at full participation to their demanding sports . Dr. Glousman is a recognized educator and research contributor in in his field.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " In addition to working on the surgical team at Texas Health Center for Diagnostics and Surgery Plano, Dr. Heier currently serves as the Foot and Ankle Orthopedic Specialist for FC Dallas of Major League Soccer as well as the team physician for Hebron High School. He recently shared some thoughts about young athletes and foot and ankle issues.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She specializes in the treatment of neuromuscular disease and chronic illness utilizing chiropractic, physical therapy and customized nutritional programs.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Specializing in treating both early and advanced arthritis of the hip, Dr. Kruse will develop custom treatment plans to fit each patient\u2019s needs. To learn more about arthritis treatment options, make an appointment with Dr. Kruse at his Coon Rapids office at (763) 786-9543.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He lends his exceptional surgical skills and his eye for aesthetics to every breast enhancement contouring procedure to produce natural-looking results that improve the proportions of a patient\u2019s body. Recognizing that voluptuous, firm breasts are an important symbol of feminine beauty, Dr. Sanders offers several procedures for the breast. He works closely with all of his Los Angeles and Encino area breast enhancement patients in order to understand their aesthetic dreams and recommend the most suitable breast enhancement procedure.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He currently is a surgeon out of Eatontown New Jersey. He earned his medical degree from Cairo University School of Medicine. Dr. Saad is affiliated with Jersey Shore Universtiy Medical Center and he is also affiliated with Monmouth Medical Center Long Beach Campus. He has dedicated his life [\u2026]", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She practices in Birmingham, Alabama and has the professional credentials of M.D.. The NPI Number for Aisha Waheed is 1225472954 and she holds a License No. 36310 (Alabama).", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He completed both his residency in plastic and reconstructive surgery and fellowship in orthopedic hand and upper extremity surgery at the University of Pittsburgh Medical Center. While there, Dr. Wachtman was honored with membership in the Alpha Omega Alpha Honor Society, won the Charles E. Moore Award for resident teaching, and received a Research Fellowship from the Plastic Surgery Education Foundation for his work in composite tissue allotransplantation. In 2016, Dr. Wachtman was named by his peers to the Texas Super Doctor\u00ae Rising StarSM list for the second year in a row.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She practices in Anchorage, Alaska and has the professional credentials of MD. The NPI Number for Dr. Donna L Chester is 1073682522 and she holds a License No. 2537 (Alaska).", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He is currently working at Jaypee hospital in Noida. He has more than 15 years of experience in the field. He has expertise in minimally invasive spine surgery, stereotactic brain surgeries like those for Movement disorders and epilepsy surgery besides routine neurosurgical procedures.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She completed a PhD in Rheumatology on Sj\u00f6gren\u2019s Syndrome at the Experimental Medicine & Rheumatology Department, John Vane Science Centre, William Harvey Research Institute. She then completed her Specialty training in Rheumatology with Queen Mary University, Barts and The London School of Medicine, London, as well as at la Sapienza University in Rome. During her medical career she also trained in French Universities such as the Centre Hospitalier Universitaire de Bretonneau, Tours and Le Service d\u2019Urgence de la Fondation Vall\u00e9e, Paris. Dr Astorri has published several scientific articles in peer-reviewed journals and is a member of the IDF - Independent Doctors Federation.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " She is currently working towards a Master of Public Health degree, with a specialization in epidemiology, at the Dalla Lana School of Public Health, University of Toronto. She has a strong interest in the epidemiology of non-communicable diseases, globally. Her current research work focuses on the use of information and communication technologies in mental health.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Dr. Ross has trained extensively as a plastic surgeon in Australia, Canada, and the United States. He is a fully qualified surgeon, achieving his fellowship of the Australasian College of Surgeons in 1993. Having completed his Australian surgical training, Dr. Ross underwent additional post-fellowship subspecialty plastic surgery training internationally with some of the world\u2019s foremost experts in breast reconstruction surgery, aesthetic surgery, hand surgery, and paediatric plastic surgery.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Working primarily with women was a natural choice for her. Since her first stirrings of wanting to be a doctor, she wanted to help women like her mother and her friends feel energetic, strong, free from pain, and able to do all they want in their retirement. She also has a burning desire to help women of her own generation and younger achieve and maintain excellent health so they can actively pursue their life\u2019s purpose and have fun doing it.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He is an assistant professor at Harvard Medical School and the Harvard School of Public Health, and he was nominated for a 2002 National Book Award for his bookComplications: A Surgeon's Notes on an Imperfect Science. His new book,...", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Walter graduated from University of Texas Health Science Center at San Antonio Long School of Medicine in 1975 and has been in practice for 43 years. He completed a residency at Regional Medical Center.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Rangaswamy has a keen eye for details and skilled hands in performing delicate surgeries such as aesthetic surgery, microsurgery, reconstructive surgery and hand surgery. In addition, he has vast exposure to maxillofacial surgery, kidney transplant, vascular access and general surgery.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Kilian graduated from medical school at the Medical College of Wisconsin and went on to do his orthopaedic surgery residency at MCW as well. He completed his fellowship training at Texas Orthopaedic Hospital in Houston, TX.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " After graduating from Brown University in 1979, Dr. Forley received his medical degree from the Mount Sinai School of Medicine and trained in general surgery at New York University Medical Center and the Mount Sinai Medical Center. His residency in plastic surgery was completed at the Saint Francis Memorial Hospital in San Francisco and was followed by an aesthetic surgery fellowship with Dr. Bruce F. Connell and a craniofacial surgery fellowship in London, England. Dr. Forley is in private practice in Manhattan with an office on the Upper East Side. He specializes in cosmetic surgery of the face, eyes, nose, breast, and body as well as Fraxel\u00aelaser resurfacing, Nordlys photorejuvenation, Ultherapy\u00ae, FaceTite/RFAL, BOTOX\u00ae Cosmetic and injectable fillers such as Juvederm\u00aeUltra, Juvederm\u00ae Voluma, Juvederm\u00ae Volbella, Restylane\u00ae Silk, and Sculptra\u00ae Aesthetic.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She enjoys caring for patients of all ages. Hobbies include cooking, gardening, reading, and spending time with family and friends. Dr. Anna Kauffman lives in Bluffton, Ohio with her husband, Ross Kauffman, and their daughter, Nora.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " This earns the doctor a contract that bounty hunter Jodo Kast comes to collect. Kast is foiled in his attempted capture of Evazan by Baba who intends to collect the bounty on Evazan himself. Instead, Baba decides against such action and forms a partnership with Evazan instead. Together, the pair become spice runners for Tatooine crime lord Jabba Desilijic Tiure, aka Jabaa the Hutt. Formerly hansome, Evazan receives his own disfigurement during the encounter with Kast.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He is MD from the Medical College of Ohio and a resident of General Surgery from Cleveland Clinic. He also worked as a fellow of Plastic Surgery at Akron City Hospital and again joined Bunke Clinic to work as a fellow of Hand and Microvascular Surgery. Certified by the American Board of Plastic Surgery, Dr. McNemar has hospital affiliations at San Ramon Regional Medical Center, Sutter Tracy Community Hospital and Doctors Hospital Manteca.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She joined Family Practice Center and began her career as a physician assistant in 2007. Erin currently sees patients in Loysville, PA. </p> <p><strong>Education:</strong></p> <ul> <li>MS &ndash; Physician Assistant Studies, Arcadia University, Glenside, PA</li> <li>BS &ndash; Health Science/Psychology Minor, Lock Haven University, Lock Haven, PA</li> </ul> <p><strong>Certification: </strong></p> <", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Her clinic, Arizona Integrative Medical Solutions, is located in Tempe, Arizona, where she sees patients of all ages and genders for acute and chronic conditions. An expert on prediabetes and diabetes, she is a frequent lecturer at c ...\u2026", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " She joined Family Practice Center and began her career as a physician assistant in 2007. Erin currently sees patients in Loysville, PA. </p> <p><strong>Education:</strong></p> <ul> <li>MS &ndash; Physician Assistant Studies, Arcadia University, Glenside, PA</li> <li>BS &ndash; Health Science/Psychology Minor, Lock Haven University, Lock Haven, PA</li> </ul> <p><strong>Certification: </strong></p> <ul> <li>National Commission on Certification of Physician Assistants (NCCPA)</li> </ul> <p><strong>Professi", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He performs surgical hair restoration at his clinic exclusively and maintains a \"patient first\" philosophy by operating on only one patient per day. As a surgical practice, Dr. Carman feels that integriy is the cornerstone of an effective medical practice. Dr. Carman describes a successful hair transplant as \"The Artful Expressoin of Modern Surgical Techniques\". Thus, he combines his years of worldwide hair transplant experience with his aristry in order to provide his patients with the very best results.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She completed a Bachelor of Science degree in Biology at Indiana University in 2006. Additionally, she received a Bachelor\u2019s degree in Health Sciences in 2009 and a Master\u2019s degree in Physician Assistant Studies in 2010 from Butler University in Indianapolis. Prior to joining JWM Neurology, she worked as a hospitalist Physician Assistant in the Indianapolis area. Tara sees patients with all types of neurological conditions. She is also a sub-investigator for clinical research trials at JWM Neurology.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He is committed to a patient-centered, multidisciplinary approach to treat patients with spinal disorders that might include deformity, tumor, trauma, spinal cord injury, and degenerative disease. Dr. Virk uses state-of-the-art minimally invasive techniques with intraoperative, computer-assisted navigation as well as spinal endoscopy. He also employs fundamental, open surgical strategies in patients who will benefit most from these.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He finished his B.S. at Brigham Young University, graduating summa cum laude, the highest level of distinction achievable. For medical school, he attended The Ohio State University, where he also completed an accelerated year of graduate coursework in the Master of Health Administration (MHA) program. He then completed his orthopedic surgery residency at the prestigious Methodist Hospital in Houston, Texas, followed by a fellowship in arthroscopic surgery and sports medicine at New Mexico Orthopaedics, the premier private orthopedic group of New Mexico.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " At his private practice, Tierney Plastic Surgery, he is known for his commitment to exceptional care and his beautiful, natural results. He specializes in several popular procedures for the breasts, body, and face, and he offers options like tummy tuck, facelift, and breast augmentation to his Nashville patients. He also has a full menu of non-surgical treatments like BOTOX\u00ae Cosmetic, dermal fillers, and chemical peels. For more information about Dr. Brian Tierney or for a full list of available options, be sure to visit Tierney Plastic Surgery online today!", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " A native of Madrid, Spain, Dr. Borja received his medical degree from the Complutense University of Madrid and completed his residency in orthopedic surgery at St. Luke's Hospital in Cleveland, Ohio. He then served as the Annie C. Kane Fellow in Hip and Knee Reconstruction at New York Orthopedic Hospital/Columbia-Presbyterian Medical Center. From 1980-1986, he was the chief surgeon of the Department of Orthopedics and Rehabilitation at the University of Miami. Dr. Borja has published in several medical journals on hip and knee joint replacement and knee surgery. He has participated in clinical research on arthritis and bone banking and has delivered numerous presentations at national and international medical meetings on orthopedic surgery.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He performed his fellowship in Aesthetic & Reconstruction Craniomaxillofacial Surgery at Harvard Medical College & Massachusetts General Hospital. He has since received certifications in Advances in Craniomaxillofacial Surgery: Mastery Course, Advances in Facial Restoration and Rejuvenation, and Basic Maxillofacial Principles and Techniques. He holds active affiliations with Albany Medical Center Hospital, Albany Memorial Hospital, St. Peter\u2019s Hospital, and St. Peter\u2019s Surgery & Endoscopy Center.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He specializes in arthroscopic surgical repair of the hip, knee and shoulder. Click on \u201cshow more\u201d to see all of the questions Dr. Postma answers. Clicking on a specific question will link y", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Buchman graduated from University of Arkansas for Medical Sciences College of Medicine in 1974 and has been in practice for 44 years. He completed a residency at University Hospital. He currently practices at Joseph K Buchman MD and is affiliated with Arkansas Heart Hospital. Dr. Buchman accepts multiple insurance plans including TRICARE, Aetna and Medicare.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She has served the community as Medical Director for the Henrico County Sheriff's Office, managing health care at two jails, and as the Medical Director of the Daily Planet, providing care to the homeless.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He has been a fully qualified Plastic Surgeon since completing his training in 1981, and has performed thousands of eyelid lifts (Blepharoplasty surgeries), Rhinoplasty surgeries and breast surgeries for patients of many different ethnicities.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Cravero has specialized in facial rejuvenation, breast enhancement and body contouring. He chose aesthetic plastic surgery as his medical specialty because it offers the ideal medical venue for combining his scientific expertise with an acute aesthetic sense of composition and proportion. Certified by SICPRE Italian Board of Plastic Surgery.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He first appeared on television in 2004 with the television series The Swan. In 2010 he was called on to perform the plastic surgery procedures for Bridalplasty. He is now most recognized for co-hosting Botched with Paul Nassif and for Good Work, a plastic surgery talk show. It was announced in 2015 that he would be a part of a spinoff series called Botched by Nature in 2016.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He typically treats patients with Arthritis, Carpal Tunnel Syndrome, Fractures, Nerve Entrapment, and Trigger Finger. He chose the hand and wrist as his specialty due to their importance in a patient\u2019s everyday life, but also because it is an intricate part of the body that involves so many different aspects of the orthopedics field.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He is the Program Director for The Hip and Knee Center at NYC Health + Hospitals/Elmhurst \u2013 the first center in the borough of Queens with Joint Commission Advanced Certification for Total Hip and Total Knee Replacement. Dr. Hasija is well known for creating pathways for process improvement. His areas of interest are both primary hip and knee replacement surgery and revisions of failed or painful joint replacements, but only after all conservative treatment options have failed to provide relief.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He also provides the Medical Spa for Men and Women and takes proper care of his patients so that they never feel discomfort. For his initial studies of Medical Education, he joined the University of Miami but it was not enough to be a great Plastic Surgeon. He continues to study more and joined the University of North Carolina as a Resident of Plastic and Reconstructive Surgery where he studied more about the techniques in Plastic Surgery. His certification of The American Board of Plastic Surgery is the reason for his dedicated work in the field of Plastic Surgery. Dr. Brothers have hospital affiliations at Northside Hospital.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Her integrative practice, based in Ashland, Oregon, approaches medical complaints with lifestyle solutions. She also hosts the popular website, DrDeborahMD.com, and is sought-after as a speaker locally, internationally, and in online forums. She has a particular interest in brain and nervous system health, and has trained in the treatment of Alzheimer\u2019s disease with Dr. Dale Bredesen, author of The End of Alzheimer\u2019s. She has witnessed firsthand the negative effects of aluminum toxicity on the brain. In her spare time she rows competitively and directs the Siskiyou Challenge relay for athletes and farms.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Dr. John graduated from University of Louisville School of Medicine in 1998 and has been in practice for 20 years. He completed a residency at University of Alabama Hospital. Dr. John also specializes in Sports Medicine. He currently practices at Carilion Faculty Physicians and is affiliated with Carilion Roanoke Memorial Hospital. Dr. John accepts multiple insurance plans including Aetna, Medicare and Humana. Dr. John also practices at Carilion Clinic Orthopaedics in Roanoke, VA.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He is seasoned, fair, and well-balanced in workers\u2019 compensation litigation. Dr. Choksi\u2019s expert opinion is regarded as one of the most qualified in the state. His training includes causation, that is, to determine if the medical problem from which a patient / employee is suffering is specifically related to the incident in question.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He is Hip & Knee Surgeon & Consultant who has been extensively trained in the UK. Dr Niraj Vora is an experienced Joint Replacement Surgeon and a gold medallist in Orthopaedics from the University of Mumbai.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " In her spare time, she writes fiction of several genres, including romance, speculative fiction, crime fiction, and children\u2019s stories. Her other stories have been published in other print and online venues, such as First Love, The Digest of Philippine Genre Stories, Philippine Speculative Fiction, Philippines Free Press, Philippines Graphic, and Insignia. Her author website is http://celestinetrinidad.wordpress.com.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He is also on the board of directors for Physicians For Peace and holds an academic appointment as a Clinical Associate Professor of Plastic Surgery at the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill. Dr. Smith is currently participating in research on new modalities to better manage post-operative discomfort. His primary surgical interest and expertise lies in facial rejuvenation, but he\u2019s also highly skilled in performing breast and abdominoplasty surgeries. Dr. Smith works with his patients to achieve a complete rejuvenation without a \u201cdone\u201d look. Better, not different.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Karch graduated from University of Virginia School of Medicine in 2002 and has been in practice for 16 years. He currently practices at Surgical Associates of Richmond Inc and is affiliated with Bon Secours St Francis Medical Center. Dr. Karch accepts multiple insurance plans including Aetna, Medicare and Humana. Dr. Karch also practices at Bon Secours General Surgery at St Mary's in Richmond, VA.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He is the physician-in-charge for neurosurgical intensive care and traumatic brain injury management at Turku University Hospital, Turku, Finland. He is the leader of biochemical arm of Traumatic Brain Injury Group of University of Turku, and Turku University Hospital, Turku, Finland, and the leader of Neurosurgical Implant Group, University of Turku, Finland. His main research interests are biomarkers in diagnostics of acute phase, treatment effects, and outcome of traumatic brain injury and biomaterials in cranial reconstruction.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He has been selected ten consecutive times as one of the best plastic surgeons in Dallas and six times in Collin County by his peers and D Magazine. His practice is focused on both reconstructive and aesthetic surgery, and he performs over 1,000 surgical procedures every year.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She practices in St Petersburg, Florida and has the professional credentials of M.D.. The NPI Number for Dr. Nancy Y. Bryant is 1386639045 and she holds a License No. ME47533 (Florida).", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " She was born and raised in Latrobe, Pennsylvania, where she and her husband, Jim who owns and operates PaO2 Home Medical Equipment, lIve with their two daughters, Macie and Mya. She graduated from Greater Latrobe high School. Christa received an Associate degree in Science, with a certificate in Surgical Technology, from the Community College of Allegheny County. In 2004, Christa received her Bachelor of Science-Physician Assistant degree from Seton Hill University.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Fernando Ortiz-Monasterio. Besides, he completed successfully a fellowship in Microsurgery at the Univeristy Hospital in Ghent, Belgium, with professor Phillip Blondeel, pioneer in breast reconstruction with perforator flaps. He also completed a fellowship in Microsurgery and Aesthetic Surgery in Barcelona, Spain with professor Jaume Masi\u00e0. Doctor Malouf has made several important contibutions for studies in Mexico and Belgium.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He performs plastic surgery near New Haven, CT offering a comprehensive variety of procedures including face lifts, eyelid surgery, breast augmentation,", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Jenkins received his medical degree and completed his internship and residency at the University of Texas Medical Branch in Galveston. He is a member of the American Medical Association and Texas Medical Association.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr Dellinger was involved in the development of the World Health Organization Surgical Safety Checklist, which was piloted at eight hospitals around the world, including the UW Medical Centre. He subsequently worked to bring the checklist to all operating rooms in Washington.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He is well known for his kind personality and gentle touch, plus a phenomenal medical background. He actually received his undergraduate from Harvard University and graduated magna cum laude from Harvard as well. Even though that is impressive enough he also completed his [\u2026]", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He treats hip and knee injuries and arthritis through joint surgery, with special emphasis on anterior total hip replacements, customized knee replacement, minimally invasive joint replacement and outpatient joint replacement.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " After trying numerous experimentative surgeries, he decides to find healing in the mystical arts. There, he becomes a sorcerer and learns about the three sanctums that protect Earth from the Dark Dimension: Hong Kong, London and New York. He tries to use the Eye of Agamotto, a time-bending relic, but his mentors Mordu and Wong warn him against it. Meanwhile, the evil sorcerer Kaecilius tries to unleash the Dark Dimension and a monster called Dormammu for eternal life. Kaecilius attacks the New York sanctum while Strange defends it. In Hong Kong, Strange ends up using the Eye of Agamotto to defeat Kaecilius and Dormammu, saving the world from mystical threats.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " As a family medicine graduate from the University of British Columbia she was awarded the Morton and Irene Dodek Prize in Family Practice for compassion, care, and competence. Dr. Nguan also holds a degree in Hons Biology and Hons Health Sciences in Occupational Therapy from McMaster University.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He performs abdominal aortic aneurysm surgery and stenting, carotid surgery, peripheral artery disease evaluations, and the latest minimally invasive varicose vein procedures.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He practices in Afton, Wyoming and has the professional credentials of MD. The NPI Number for Jonah Jess Green is 1013079524 and he holds a License No. 9859A (Wyoming).", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Dr. Schaub's expertise includes plastic, hand, and reconstructive surgery. He is one of the few hand surgeons in the valley board certified by both the American Board of Surgery and American Board of Plastic Surgery with a Certificate of Added Qualification in Hand Surgery.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Saad studied in Cairo University, where is graduated with a degree in medicine. Soon after graduating from Cairo University, Saad did his internship in England and later moved to the United States where he established his career. In the United States, Saad did his residency in pediatric surgery as well as surgery and received certification by the USA board as a pediatric surgeon.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " For facial rejuvenation and laser resurfacing he is a reputed Surgeon and completed his Medical Education from Indiana University School of Medicine. He also joined the Duke University Medical Center as a Resident of General Surgery and Plastic Surgery and worked as a fellow of Hand Surgery from Jewish Hospital. Certified by the American Board of Plastic Surgery, he has been awarded America\u2019s Best Doctors, Best of the Best by SELF magazine and Voted as The Top Plastic Surgeons In Central Florida. For his patient\u2019s care, he has taken hospital privilege of Florida Hospital Medical System Hospitals.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Thomas graduated from Ohio State University College of Medicine in 1994 and has been in practice for 24 years. He currently practices at University Surgical Associates and is affiliated with Berkeley Medical Center. Dr. Thomas accepts multiple insurance plans including Aetna, Medicare and Humana. Dr. Thomas also practices at Berkeley Medical Center in Martinsburg, WV. In addition to English, Dr. Thomas's practice supports this language: Spanish.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He completed his Ophthalmology residency at the University of North Carolina in Chapel Hill and his internship at Georgetown University Hospitals in Washington, D.C. After his residency, he spent some time in beautiful Boulder, Colorado and completed a laser vision correction fellowship. He has been a part Wilmington Eye since January of 2013 and sees patients in all three Wilmington Eye locations. Dr. Polomsky prides himself on delivering strong, ethical, and thorough patient care in eye disease and surgery.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She is originally from Littleton, Colorado. Tracy received her undergraduate degree from the University of Colorado at Boulder in Kinesiology and Business Administration. She went on to complete a Master's in Medical Sciences at Boston University, conducting her thesis work in pediatrics orthopaedics. Tracy has a strong interest in global health and will be completing a one-month international clinical rotation at Karapitiya Hospital in Galle, Sri Lanka.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " This means that he divides his time between seeing patients and running a research lab that is working to bridge the gap between discoveries and treatment.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Dr. Garrity received her medical degree from the Louisiana State University School of Medicine, where she also later completed her internal medicine residency. Dr. Garrity has been recognized for her empathetic care, and is a recipient of the Compassionate Doctor Recognition and Patient\u2019s Choice Award. She is a member of the Atlanta Women\u2019s Medical Alliance, American Medical Association and Georgia Medical Association.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He is double board certified, extensively published (largely in peer reviewed publications), and has 10 patents on medical devices and pharmaceuticals.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He has been board-certified by the American Board of Orthopaedic Surgery since 2004. Dr. John Nassar is a medical doctor with orthopedic distinction that takes pride in performing surgeries with great attention to detail so that patients have positive outcomes.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She has seen first-hand the devastating effects of cuts to health care and education over the past 10 years, and will work to reverse this slide into third world economics.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He is professor and chief of the orthopaedic surgery division at the University of Nevada, Reno School of Medicine. Before joining the School of Medicine, Dr. Daubs was assistant professor of orthopaedic surgery at the University of Utah and more recently at the University of California, Los Angeles. Dr. Daubs received his medical degree from the School of Medicine at the University of Nevada, Reno and his bachelor\u2019s degree from the University of Nevada, Reno. Dr. Daubs is board certified by the American Board of Orthopaedic Surgery.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He performs plastic surgery near New Haven, CT offering a comprehensive variety of procedures including face lifts, eyelid surgery, breast augmentation, tummy tucks, liposuction, and laser facial rejuvenation in his private, licensed, and accredited facility in Guilford. With over 25 years of plastic surgery experience, Dr. Price has established a reputation for comfort, convenience, and a natural look.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Although he has never treated Schumacher, or spoken with doctors who've treated Schumacher over the years, he has dealt with similar cases both at immediate critical-care level and further down the line in terms of long-term treatment.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Zavatsky graduated from University of Pittsburgh School of Medicine in 2002 and has been in practice for 16 years. He completed a residency at New York University Hospital for Joint Diseases. Dr. Zavatsky also specializes in Spine Surgery. Dr. Zavatsky accepts multiple insurance plans including Medicare, Cigna and Coventry Health Care. Dr. Zavatsky also practices at Spine and Scoliosis Specialists in Temple Terrace, FL.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Drew graduated from Columbia University College of Physicians & Surgeons in 1967 and has been in practice for 51 years. He completed a residency at University of Colorado Health. He currently practices at Brigham & Women's Faulkner Hospital and is affiliated with Brigham & Women's Faulkner Hospital. Dr. Drew accepts multiple insurance plans including Aetna, Harvard Pilgrim and Tufts Health Plan. Dr. Drew also practices at Brigham & Womens Hospital in Boston, MA. In addition to English, Dr. Drew's practice supports these languages: Italian, German, Russian, French, Korean and Spanish.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He received his medical degree from University of Kentucky College of Medicine and has been in practice for more than 20 years. Dr. Chisholm accepts several types of health.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Ross\u2019 refusal to refer all of his pathology services to Nelson Dermatopathology led to the termination of the sale of his practice, along with his independent contractor agreement.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Dr. Ruesch graduated from Wayne State University School of Medicine in 1990 and has been in practice for 28 years. He completed a residency at Detroit Medical Center. Dr. Ruesch also specializes in Sports Medicine. He currently practices at Eastside Orthopedics and is affiliated with Legacy Mount Hood Medical Center. Dr. Ruesch accepts multiple insurance plans including Aetna, Medicare and PacifiCare (UnitedHealthcare).", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He has thousands of refractive procedures to his credit over the last 11 years. He has experience with both verisyse and ICL phakic IOls. He is director Chaudhary Eye Centre & Laser Vision, a multi-speciality eye institute. His web site is www.spectacleremoval.com", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She also works as a clinician at Sydney Adventist Hospital in Wahroonga, and as a researcher with Royal Rehab and Woolcock Institute of Medical Research, University of Sydney.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He was born in a prominent civil services\u2019 family in Srinagar, India. He first published an anthology of Urdu Poetry which was very well received by the readers. His recent venture into English Non-fiction \u2018Jaffna Street\u2019 is definitely worth noticing! This book aims at penning the trajectories of the lives of normal people swerving in the turmoils of the violence in the Valley.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He is affiliated with multiple hospitals in the area, including Beth Israel Deaconess Hospital-Milton, South Shore Hospital and Tufts Medical Center. Dr Dewire has been in practice for more than 20 years.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He completed a residency at New York Medical College. He currently practices at JL Surgical LLC and is affiliated with The Valley Hospital. Dr. Licata also practices at Hackensack University At Pascack Valley in Westwood, NJ.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Fletcher graduated from University of Alabama School of Medicine in 1982 and has been in practice for 36 years. He completed a residency at University of Alabama Hospital. He currently practices at Derrick Michael Johnson PA and is affiliated with Baptist Medical Center East, Baptist Medical Center South and Prattville Baptist Hospital. Dr. Fletcher accepts multiple insurance plans including Aetna, Blue Cross Blue Shield of Alabama and Medicare. Dr. Fletcher also practices at Southern Orthopaedic Surgeons in Montgomery, AL. In addition to English, Dr. Fletcher's practice supports this language: Spanish.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She completed her residency in general pediatrics at University of Washington, Seattle Children\u2019s Hospital. She is on the Executive Committee of the Council on Injury, Violence, and Poison Prevention for the American Academy of Pediatrics and the Co-Chair of the Ohio Chapter of the American Academy of Pediatrics, Committee for Injury, Violence and Poison Prevention. Her interests include injury prevention, advocacy and patient education, specifically related to bicycle helmets, safe sleep and epipen use.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Originally from Massachusetts, Dr. Neskey received his medical degree from Albany Medical College with a distinction in research and completed a residency in otolaryngology head and neck surgery at the University of Miami. He then completed a fellowship in head and neck surgical oncology at MD Anderson Cancer Center in Houston. This two-year training in basic science research was followed by a year of addit", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Among other conditions, he treats carpal tunnel syndrome, osteoarthritis of the thumb, nerve injuries of the hand and arm, hand and wrist fractures, Dupuytren's disease, ganglion cysts, hand tendon injuries and rheumatoid arthritis.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He performs both cosmetic surgery and reconstructive procedures. He performs all procedures on the face including facelift and necklift (both mini lift and full face lift), mid-facelift, rhinoplasty (nose job), blepharoplasty (eye lift), endoscopic browlift, hair restoration (hair transplant), laser skin resurfacing and microlaser peel, chemical peel, botox and filler injections, otoplasty (ear pinning), chin implant and facial implants and much, much more\u00e2\u0080\u00a6 Click on the links below to learn more about the facial cosmetic surgery procedures that Dr. Bitner performs.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " His practice focuses on all conditions affecting the arms with common conditions such as hand and wrist fractures, wrist arthritis, nerve problems such as carpal tunnel syndrome, rotator cuff tears, shoulder arthritis and shoulder replacements. He offers all current treatments but prefers minimally invasive surgery such as the use of the medication Xiaflex for treatment of Dupuytren\u2019s disease. Dr. Phillips takes a conservative approach that utilizes surgery as a last resort only after options such as braces and injections have been exhausted. In each case, he seeks to provide empathetic care and [...]", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He is a graduate of the University of California at Berkeley (B.A. in Genetics, May 1988) and the University of Chicago, Pritzker School of Medicine (M.D. June 1993). He was accredited by the American Board of Neurological Surgery in May 2006.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She truly embodies all of the best . She is not only intelligent but soars above all as a comassionate caring MD. She is also well spoken, and extremely...", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He is MD from the Medical College of Georgia and a Resident of Plastic and Reconstructive Surgery from Cleveland Clinic Foundation. He also joined Vanderbilt University Medical Center as a Resident of Otolaryngology. Certified by the The American Board of Otolaryngology and Plastic Surgery, he is a member of American Society of Plastic Surgeons (ASPS).", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " In her spare time, she writes fiction of several genres, including romance, speculative fiction, crime fiction, and children\u2019s stories. Her stories have been published in other print and online venues, such as Philippines Free Press, Philippines Graphic, The Digest of Philippine Genre Stories, Philippine Speculative Fiction, and Insignia.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " This article is made by Dr. D Ofri from an excerpt from her book, What Patients Say, What Doctors Hear5 Dr. Danielle Ofri is an emerging world leader in the field of healthcare listening.)", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " She graduated from Yale Medical School and Cornell University, and has extensive training in Cosmetic Dermatology. Dr. Brozowski emphasizes a natural aesthetic approach to beauty and aging, and believes that beauty on the outside promotes confidence and a feeling of wellness within.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He is accomplished in both minimally invasive spinal surgery and open complex spine surgery, having had formal training in both orthopedic and neurosurgical spine surgery. (Read more about Dr. Baaj)", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " A board-certified surgeon based in San Diego and La Jolla, Dr Mark Mofid has over time come up with creative and innovative ways to have this surgery performed on his clients with an excellent level of satisfaction and skill.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Sachin Singh practices at Aastha Orthocare and Wellness Clinic in Indrapuram. He completed his M.B.B.S from Saint Petersburg State University faculty of medicine in 2003, M.S - Orthopedics from Saint Petersburg State University faculty of medicine in 2007 and Ozone Therapy from Ozone Forum of India in 2012. Dr. Sachin is well known for his style of consultation and his comprehensive approach to address the problem from its root. He has facilitated many transformational treatments. He is a member of Indian Medical Association (IMA), UP MCI, D.M.C, Ghaziabad orthopedic club, Uttar Pradesh, orthopedic association and ozone forum of India.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He completed his residency at the Rizzoli Orthopaedic Institute of Bologna, under the mentorship of Prof. M. Marcacci and Prof. E. Kon. He was also clinical Fellow at the department of Orthopaedics of Regensburg University (Germany), under the tutorship of Prof. P. Angele. His main research interest are: regenerative medicine (biomaterials, PRP, stem cells, meniscal scaffolds) to treat cartilage disorder; hip and knee replacement; sports traumatology. He is currently an active member of several international Societies such as ESSKA, ICRS, SIGASCOT.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Cox graduated from University of Oklahoma College of Medicine in 2007 and has been in practice for 11 years. He completed a residency at University of Florida Health. He currently practices at Neuroscience Specialists PC and is affiliated with Mercy Health Center. Dr. Cox accepts multiple insurance plans including Aetna, CommunityCare and Medicare.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She practices in Apo, Armed Forces Americas and has the professional credentials of PA-C. The NPI Number for Elizabeth Shannon is 1073042750 and she holds a License No. MA058736 (Pennsylvania).", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He is certified by the National Commission of Physician Assistants and is a member of the Florida Academy of Physicians Assistants. Lyndon has over 10 years of Primary and Urgent Care experience, evaluating and treating...", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Dr. Allen graduated from University of Texas Health Science Center at Houston McGovern Medical School in 1993 and has been in practice for 25 years. He completed a residency at Baylor College of Medicine Houston Texas. He currently practices at Fondren Orthopaedic Group Clearlake and is affiliated with Clear Lake Regional Medical Center and Baylor St Luke's Medical Center. Dr. Allen accepts multiple insurance plans including Aetna, Medicare and Humana. In addition to English, Dr. Allen's practice supports this language: Spanish.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She practices in Fort Collins, Colorado and has the professional credentials of MD. The NPI Number for Alicia B Feldman is 1407902018 and she holds a Licence No. 52746 read more", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He received his medical degree from University of Texas Southwestern Medical School and has been in practice for more than 20 years. He is one of 45 doctors at Baylor All Saints Medical Center at Fort Worth and one of 11 at Cook Children's Medical Center who specialize in Surgery.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He is vice president of the Oregon Association of Orthopedic Surgeons. He co-founded Go To Ortho in 2017, the first immediate injury care clinic in the Portland metro area. Dr. Mirza has been recognized as one of Portland Monthly\u2019s \u201cTop Doctors\u201d five times in the last six years.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He has been in practice in the Plantation/Sunrise area since 1995. After having graduated with honors from University of Florida in Metallurgical Engineer. in 1979, he herniated a disc in his low back. He sought care from the normal medical practitioners and was helped by a chiropractor who used a technique called Applied Kinesiology and Acupuncture.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Joseph\u2019s Hospital and an Associate Professor and Residency Program Director at the Schulich School of Medicine & Dentistry at Western University. He will share the latest in treatments for managing sleep disorders (snoring and apnea), how throat surgery can drastically change sleep apnea and how these advances can improve lives.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She was inspired to develop a treatment when her son was diagnosed with Autism some years ago. McBride\u2019s diet is known as the GAPS diet. GAPS stand for Gut And Psychology Syndrome which includes Autism as well as ADD, OCD, and many other mental disorders. She has been using this protocol to successfully treat cases for the past few years. Learn more about it at this link here", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " She earned her physician assistant degree from the University of Colorado Health Sciences Center in Denver. She worked in family practice in Gillette for two years before returning to Casper in 2001 to join the local Veterans Administration clinic, where she practiced for 10 years. She then practiced for five years at Rocky Mountain Oncology followed by a brief time as a hospitalist physician assistant in Rock Springs.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Also trained in homeopathy, Karen and Lauren share the same vision of optimal health using complementary forms of medicine to achieve the 'best of both worlds.' She is the mother of two girls, Maya and Eliza.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Dr. Watkins graduated from University of Colorado School of Medicine in 1996 and has been in practice for 16 years. He completed a residency at University of Colorado Health. He currently practices at St Lukes Orthopedics and is affiliated with St Luke's Hospital. Dr. Watkins accepts multiple insurance plans including Aetna, Medicare and Blue Cross Blue Shield of Illinois. Dr. Watkins also practices at St Lukes Neurosurgery Associates in Duluth, MN.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Graw received his MD from Georgetown Medical School, where he also did his residency. He then moved to California to complete two fellowships: one at Stanford for joint replacement surgery, and the other in Sports Medicine with a group that works with professional athletes.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He enjoys working with his patients to manage their orthopedic problems. If a patient does require surgery, he has an established reputation of providing safe, effective results using less invasive techniques, effective pain management, and proven, state of the art implants. Dr. Shah is Board Certified by the American Board of Orthopedic Surgery and Fellowship trained in Joint Replacement.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Louis, Missouri plastic surgery practice (http://www.genesiscosmeticsurgery.net) provides cosmetic and reconstructive enhancements. Dr. Jones is a former professor at Washington University School of Medicine and has received extensive surgical training in both plastic and reconstructive surgery and otolaryngology (ENT). He offers a full selection of procedures ranging from laser acne treatments to liposuction and body contouring.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Brosnan graduated from Loyola University Chicago Stritch School of Medicine in 1978 and has been in practice for 40 years. He completed a residency at Loyola University Medical Center. He currently practices at Advocate Medical Group and is affiliated with Advocate Children's Hospital Oak Lawn. Dr. Brosnan accepts multiple insurance plans including Aetna, SIHO Insurance Services and Medicare. In addition to English, Dr. Brosnan's practice supports this language: Spanish.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He got the privilege to work as a fellow of Craniofacial Surgery at Miami Children\u2019s Hospital. He also worked as a fellow of Craniofacial Surgery at Miami Children\u2019s Hospital. Dr.Gargano is MD from the Sapienza University of Rome in Italy and a Resident of Plastic & Reconstructive Surgery from Brown University and Sapienza University.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She practices in Bismarck, North Dakota and has the professional credentials of M.D.. The NPI Number for Mrs. Richelle Melanie Knudson is 1811149156 and she holds a License No. 12939 (North Dakota).", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " In addition to being a cancer survivor, she was the caregiver for her fianc\u00e9 Hamid, who died of cancer in 2007, and for her father who died of cancer in 2011. This places her in the unique position to understand not only the medical issues and rigors of treatment, but also the emotional and financial impact on cancer patients and their families. Dr. Rember is a Komak Founder. She has served on the Stewardship Council since the inception of Komak. She served as a Komak Board Member from 2009-2011. She continues to be an advisor to the Komak Board as well as liaison between the Komak board and the Komak Stewardship Council. Dr. Rember currently practices at Pacific Medical Group in Tigard, Oregon. She is a co-founder of Law Partners, a cooperative support group at Willamette University, College of Law. She has experience in management and administration, public speaking and has received awards in teaching.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Subtlety is the key to success for any plastic surgery, and Dr. Loeb knows that by not overdoing cosmetic procedures, he can provide his patients with the best possible results.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He is fellowship-trained in shoulder and elbow surgery and sports medicine. Dr. Wei has experience working with professional sports teams, including the Los Angeles Lakers, Los Angeles Kings, and Los Angeles Dodgers. He has also been the team physician for Loyola Marymount University in Los Angeles. Dr. Wei previously has conducted research involving the nonsurgical and surgical management of rotator cuff injuries.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He is president-elect of Physician Hospitals of America and manager for Medical Facilities Corp. He completed a fellowship at the Indiana Hand Center and serves as an associate team physician for local athletic teams. Dr. Curd serves on the South Dakota State Senate and was accepted to the leadership fellows program of the American Academy of Orthopaedic Surgeons. He previously served as a representative in the South Dakota House of Representatives.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He specializes in Brachial Plexus and Lymphedema. He also has expertise in management and treatment of diabetic foot. He has many successful head and neck surgery & reconstruction cases to his credit.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Ms. Kalra received her undergraduate education at the University of Colorado at Boulder and a master\u2019s degree in physician assistant studies from Chatham University in Pittsburgh, PA. She is a fellow of the Society of Physician Assistants in Otorhinolaryngology-Head and Neck Surgery and received the 2017 Society of PAs in Otolaryngology Scholarship.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Ms. Wu Rong Lan practices at Jing Hua Acupuncture in Ang Mo Kio, Singapore. She completed Degree in TCM from Beijing University of Chinese Medicine. She is a member of Traditional Chinese Medicine Practitioners Board. Some of the services provided by the her are: Paediatrics,Back Pain Physiotherapy,TuiNa,Orthopaedic and Gynaecology etc.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Mark\u2019s Hospital, London, UK, and is Colorectal & Anal Cancer Lead at London Northwest Hospitals NHS Trust and Honorary Senior Lecturer ar Imperial College, London. He is on the UEG Scientific and Postgraduate Training Programme Committees. His interests relate to minimally invasive colorectal surgery, advanced and recurrent colorectal and anal cancer and surgical education.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " With 23 years of experience, he worked on Tummy Tuck, Arm Lift and Panniculectomy. He offers Facelift, Breast Augmentation and other procedures related to body shaping. He is a board certified Surgeon by the American Board of Plastic Surgery who completed his Medical Education from Tulane University. For further experience in the field of Plastic Surgery, he joined Louisiana State University as a Resident of Plastic Surgery. Dr. C. Boraski is the member of American Society of Plastic Surgeons (ASPS) and Fellow American College of Surgeons (FACS).", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. McLaughlin believes everyone can take the core principles behind brain surgery and apply them to any of life\u2019s problems. In his upcoming book, Outthinking Fear, Dr. McLaughlin discusses the lessons he learned \u2026", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He renders the most comprehensive surgical care for all hip, knee, shoulder and elbow injuries. He uses the latest medical technology with the state of the art medical facility to provide his patients the best possible outcome.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He is MD from the University of Manitoba and a Resident of Plastic and Reconstructive Surgery from the Health Services Center. Certified by the The American Board of Plastic Surgery, Dr. David is also the member of American Society of Plastic Surgeons (ASPS).", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " His area of clinical interest is colorectal surgery, in particular the surgical management of Inflammatory Bowel Disease (IBD) and colorectal cancer. He trained in general and colorectal Surgery within London and the South East of England and undertook specialist colorectal fellowships at St Mark's hospital (Harrow) and in Europe prior to taking up a substantive consultant post.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Dana\u2019s goal is to provide her patients with safe, effective and personalized primary care that addresses the underlying causes of illness, optimizes health and prevents disease.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " In addition, he is Assistant Professor of Neurosurgery and Pediatrics at New York Medical College, and Co-Chief of Pediatric Neurosurgery at Maria Fareri Children\u2019s Hospital in Valhalla, New York.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " His clinical interests include the prevention, endoscopic diagnosis and treatment of colorectal cancer. His expertise also includes the treatment of anal diseases, piles and functional bowel disorders, such as chronic bowel disorder, irritable bowel syndrome (IBS) and inflammatory bowel disease (IBD).", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She specialises in the treatment of asthma, chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD), tuberculosis, lung cancer, pleural diseases, chronic cough and pneumonia.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He specialises in arthroscopic reconstructions of the knee and shoulder, with special interests in joint preservation, including cartilage restoration/transplantation, meniscal transplantation and the use of stem cells and growth factors. He is also interested in the management of patella mal-alignment and dislocations.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She has worked as a doctor in Africa and with Native Americans in the United States. Her webpage is Finest Kind Clinic and Fishmarket, and she posts longer medical essays to Hey Doc Xanga Blog.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Additionally, Dr. Zhanna Elberg serves as Director of Psychotherapy Training at the University at Buffalo School of Medicine and Biomedical Sciences. With extensive experience, including a fellowship in child and adolescent psychiatry at the University at Buffalo, Dr. Zhanna Elberg has held a variety of roles serving children and adolescents, including tenures at the WNY Children\u02bcs Psychiatric Center and UBMD Psychiatry. Dr. Elberg has won a number of awards and honors for her psychiatry work, including being named the Medical Society of the County of Erie Resident of the Year and induction into the Gold Humanism Honor Society.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " John uses vacation time to serve in the Dominican Republic by performing procedures that the people cannot afford. He talks about how he loves to help people and tell them about the love of God. His wife and children also serve with him.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Having earned his degree from Southwestern Medical School in Dallas, Dr. Pearce has also completed fellowships at Columbia Presbyterian Hospital and St. Luke\u2019s Roosevelt Hospital in New York. His areas of focus include shoulder, elbow, and hand reconstruction, joint replacement surgery, sports medicine, and general orthopaedics. Dr. Pearce has been recognized for his excellence by Austin Monthly Magazine, named one of Austin\u2019s Best Doctors multiple years since 2002. He was also recognized as a Super Doctor by Texas Monthly from 2005 to 2009, and has been included in The Best Doctors, Inc.\u2019s National Listing since 1996.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He has taught and lectured on surgery in Europe and the Americas and has pioneered new techniques in plastic surgery. The Institute combines his wealth of experience with his philosophy of total patient care.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She lives with her husband and two daughters in Brookline, MA, where she is active in her egalitarian minyan and serves as a Brookline Town Meeting Member. Shira can be reached at ajws@shirafischer.com.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " After completing his medical studies, he trained to become a surgeon at the Simrishamn Hopsital in Sweden. He will be visiting the Khorfakkan Hospital from November 26 to 30, 2017.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Camelo offers a full range of bariatric weight loss surgery options including: gastric sleeve, gastric bypass surgery, revisions surgeries and Single Incision Laparoscopic Sleeve (SILS). Dr. Camelo focuses on developing a full weight loss program while utilizing a comprehensive bariatric team approach to treat his patients for the best results and to minimize their postoperative pain through small incision surgery. All of Dr. Camelo\u2019s patients are carefully assessed to see if weight loss surgery is the right decision for them. Dr. Camelo helps patients review their weight loss surgery options and patients are asked to complete some pre-operative assessments.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Michael\u2019s Hospital. She is an Assistant Professor and Clinician Scientist at the University of Toronto in the Department of Family & Community Medicine. She currently holds a New Investigator Award from the Canadian Institutes of Health Research. Her research interests include cancer screening and prevention with a health equity lens.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Dr. Emil was recently in Douala, Cameroon, on his third mission to the Africa Mercy. The Africa Mercy is the world\u2019s largest civilian hospital ship dedicated to bringing hope and healing to tens of thousands of the world\u2019s impoverished populations. This is the fifth and final instalment of Dr. Emil\u2019s dispatches from aboard the Africa Mercy.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " His responses are knowledgeable, intuitive, and practical. Additionally, Dr. Pizzo is caring and engaging. He has a wonderful bedside manner. It is a pleasure to have him as a colleague on Healthtap!", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Throughout her career, she has served as a Director of Training and Research, a Medical Boards Examination Consultant and author of materials for general and specialty medical boards, and a Medical Boards Examination Preparation Consultant in Family Medicine. Additionally, each volume of Dr. Houser's Practically Painless Reviews in pediatrics has been reviewed by a practicing attending pediatrician.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " In addition to his internationally reputed work on minimally invasive surgery, he has helped to pioneer the development of robotic techniques to facilitate medical operations.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " His research interests include the prevention of youth injuries in baseball for the throwing athlete, as well as proactive training and conditioning of youth and high school athletes to avoid the risk of injury.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She has been deeply involved in cognitive impairment, including trauma, concussions, and chemo brain. As part of this area of interest, she helped to develop neurocognitive assessment tools. She currently serves as Chief of Research and Development for CellMark Biopharma.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He is MD from the University of California and a resident of General Surgery from the same University. He also worked as a fellow of Plastic Surgery at Saint Francis Memorial Hospital. Certified by the American Board of Plastic Surgery, Dr. Linder is the member of American Society of Plastic Surgeons and has hospital affiliation at Cedars Sinai Medical Center.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Rhoten takes care of clients as if they are his family, ensuring they receive fast and effective treatment. For more info: http://patrickrhoten.com/", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She has a particular interest in neurological rehabilitation (including Botulinum toxin injection) and cardio-respiratory rehabilitation. She strongly believes that good research drives good clinical practice; therefore she is currently undertaking a PhD in rehabilitation of people with Pulmonary arterial hypertension. She has received a number of grants/awards to facilitate her research. Dr Chia is Senior Lecturer at the UNSW Rural Clinical School, and has an honorary appointment at St Vincent\u2019s Hospital, Sydney. She is also experienced in the management of patients with brain injury, spinal cord injury and multi-trauma.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Joseph\u2019s Hospital and Medical Center, and is a practicing physician at the Center or Women\u2019s Health. She is board certified by the American Board of Obstetrics and Gynecology, and is a member of the American College of Obstetrics and Gynecology.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Dr. Lewandowski graduated from Ohio State University College of Medicine in 1990 and has been in practice for 28 years. He currently practices at Crystal Clinic Orthopedic Surgery Montrose and is affiliated with Summa Barberton Hospital. Dr. Lewandowski accepts multiple insurance plans including Aetna, Medical Mutual of Ohio and Medicare.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She is also the director of the emergency ultrasound program at VGH Emergency Department. She completed her emergency residency at Queen\u2019s University and completed advanced ultrasound training both at the University of Ottawa and at Queen\u2019s University.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He has a special interest in minimally invasive cardiac and thoracic surgery and endovascular procedures, including trans-catheter Aortic Valve Replacement (TAVR). Prior to joining Midwest Heart & Vascular Specialists, Dr. Romeya practiced in Las Vegas with Cardiovascular and Thoracic Surgeons of Nevada. He completed his training in cardiothoracic surgery at the University of Pittsburgh Medical Center. During his career, Dr. Romeya also served as an attending hospitalist with the VA Medical Center in Amarillo, Texas. He received his medical degree from the University of Zagreb Medical School in Croatia and completed residencies in general surgery at Texas Tech University Health Sciences Center in Lubbock and Swedish Medical Center in Seattle. He completed his internal medicine residency at Texas Tech University Health Sciences Center.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Mishkin earned her Doctor of Optometry from the Pennsylvania College of Optometry at Salus University, where she graduated with high honors. She is a member of the American Optometric Association, NJ Society of Optometric Physicians, and the Beta Sigma Kappa International Optometric Honor Society. She has received numerous academic awards including the GP Lens Institute Award, the Noir Low Vision Award, an Allergan Travel Grant Scholarship and three New Jersey Optometric Scholarships.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " She practices in Birmingham, Alabama and has the professional credentials of MDP. The NPI Number for Ruby F Meredith is 1083643829 and she holds a License No. 13195 (Alabama).", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He is the member of American Society of Plastic Surgeons (ASPS) and Fellow American College of Surgeons (FACS). Dr. Diehl completed his Medical Education from the Washington University and worked as a Resident of Plastic and General Surgery at the same University. Certified by the American Board of Plastic Surgery, he is a member of American Society of Plastic Surgeons (ASPS) and Fellow American College of Surgeons (FACS). Dr. Diehl has hospital affiliation at John T. Mather Memorial Hospital and St. Charles Hospital.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He is a fellow of the American Academy of Orthopaedic Surgeons and the Arthroscopy Association of North America, with involvement as a Master Instructor and member of the Healthcare Policy Committee. He is also a member of the faculty of Georgetown University and Walter Reed Army Medical Center. Current affiliations include the ATP (Men) and the WTA (women) Professional Tennis Tours and the USTA Pro Circuit Committee. His surgical practice is focused on Arthroscopy of the knee and shoulder in current and retired athletes.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " His clinical and research interests include endoscopic microlaryngeal surgery and photoangiolytic treatment of benign and malignant laryngeal lesions.\u00d7", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Certified by the American Board of Plastic Surgery, he specializes in breast enhancement, body contouring, and facial plastic surgery. He also offers a full menu of medical spa skin care services like Botox Cosmetic. Many New Jersey residents visit him for the following popular procedures:", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She is a speaker at patient-directed conferences for the Parkinson\u2019s Society of Canada and is a resource for education projects. She serves on the Patient Council of The Michael J. Fox foundation for Parkinson\u2019s Research and is an advisor to The Brian Grant Foundation.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He has received funding from nsif to pursue the clinical application of Professor Geoffrey Raisman\u2019s research, having been inspired by the professor\u2019s work.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Jennings graduated from Medical College of Georgia at Augusta University in 1970 and has been in practice for 49 years. He completed a residency at Wake Forest Baptist Medical Center. Dr. Jennings also specializes in Sports Medicine. He currently practices at Sallie S White PA and is affiliated with Novant Health Medical Park Hospital. Dr. Jennings accepts multiple insurance plans including Aetna, Medicare and Humana. Dr. Jennings also practices at Jennings Clinic PA in Winston Salem, NC. In addition to English, Dr. Jennings's practice supports this language: Spanish.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She received her BS in Molecular Biology at University of Kansas. Prior to embarking on her medical career, she worked as a Healthcare IT Consultant. She has interest in interventional pain management and spine health, which grew after participating in and teaching Pilates. Kathy has additional hands-on training on performing ultrasound guided injections. She believes in best practice, a whole person approach, and connecting with her patients in order to provide the best possible care.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He attended medical school at the Albert Einstein College of Medicine and completed his residency in general surgery at St. Luke\u2019s-Roosevelt Hospital, both in New York City. He then completed a fellowship in cardiothoracic surgery at The Johns Hopkins Hospital in Baltimore, Maryland. Dr. Schwartz completed a year of research focusing on thoracic oncology and endoscopic airway interventions. He has published many peer-reviewed publications and earned multiple clinical awards including Chief Resident of the Year and the Charles McBurney Award. He is married with four children and enjoys traveling, cooking, swimming, and yoga.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Jarrell graduated from University of Tennessee Health Science Center College of Medicine in 2004 and has been in practice for 12 years. He completed a residency at University of Tennessee Health Science Center. He currently practices at Carolina Plastic Surgery & Aesthetics and is affiliated with Patewood Memorial Hospital. Dr. Jarrell accepts multiple insurance plans including Aetna, Medicare and Humana. Dr. Jarrell also practices at Saint Alphonsus Medical Group - Women's Specialty in Boise, ID.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Smith graduated from Stanford University School of Medicine in 1962 and has been in practice for 44 years. He completed a residency at Moffitt Hospital University of Ca. Dr. Smith also specializes in Urology. He currently practices at Joseph N Smith MD and is affiliated with Sonoma Valley Hospital. Dr. Smith accepts multiple insurance plans including Aetna, Medicare and Cigna.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She joined Family Practice Center and began her career as a physician assistant in 2007. Erin currently sees patients in Loysville, PA. </p> <p><strong>Education:</strong></p> <ul> <li>MS &ndash; Physician Assistant Studies, Arcadia University, Glenside, PA</li> <li>BS &ndash; Health Science/Psychology Minor, Lock Haven University, Lock Haven, PA</li> </ul> <p><strong>Certification: </strong></p> <ul> <li>National Commission on Certification of Physician Assistants (NCCPA)</li> </ul> <p><strong>Professional Affiliation: </strong><", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " She practices in Anchorage, Alaska and has the professional credentials of N.D.. The NPI Number for Dr. Liane Patricia Erickson is 1467503391 and she holds a License No. 051 (Alaska).", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " When home intruders brutally attack his wife and young daughter, Kersey becomes obsessed with delivering vigilante justice to the perpetrators. As the anonymous slayings grab the media\u2019s attention, the public begins to wonder if the deadly avenger is a guardian angel\u2013or the Grim Reaper itself.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He has a practice in Beverly Hills and Orange County, California. Dr. Calvert performs all types of plastic surgery and specializes in aesthetic surgery. His research interests include face-lifting, rhinoplasty, and breast augmentation.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " His areas of special interest include ACL reconstruction & Meniscal repair, Knee arthroscopy, Knee replacement, Hip replacement, and Shoulder surgery. He offers the best possible treatment and utmost care to each individual to restore freedom of movement and relieve the pain of diseased and degenerated joints.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " His clinical interests include cosmetic and reconstructive breast surgery, skin cancer excision and reconstruction, and aesthetic surgery of the face and body.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He is also a member of the American Society of Plastic Surgeons. Throughout Dr. Cuber\u2019s nineteen year career in plastic surgery, he has received training from top experts in the field and experience that is needed to perform extensive types of breast and body surgery.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She previously served as an assistant professor of clinical medicine at the University of Illinois at Chicago, and she still maintains an appointment at the institution. In addition to her medical career, she is a pastor\u2019s wife and the mother of four wonderful children.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He is MD from the New Jersey Medical School and a Resident of Plastic Surgery from Mount Sinai Hospital. He is also the fellow of Plastic Surgery Research at Institute of Reconstructive Plastic Surgery and joined Craniofacial & Pediatrics at Operation Smile & Children\u2019s Hospital of the King\u2019s Daughters.Certified by the American Board of Plastic Surgery, he has hospital affiliations at Sibley Memorial Hospital, Sentara Northern Virginia Medical Center, Virginia Hospital Center etc.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He specializes in complex and minimally invasive spine surgery which includes spinal injuries, spinal fusion, spinal deformity, spinal tumors, spinal cord decompression, spinal tumors, and disk surgery.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He has a special interest in gastrointestinal surgery, hepatobiliary & pancreatic Surgery, endoscopic and laparoscopic surgery (minimally invasive surgery).", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She has written and published articles in medical journals, contributed to books, served as editor of a special issue on violence in older women, and serves on the editorial board of two medical/social science journals. See less", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Dr. Podany graduated from Temple University Lewis Katz School of Medicine in 1980 and has been in practice for 37 years. He completed a residency at Healtheast. He currently practices at BLMH Physicians Clinic and is affiliated with Bear Lake Memorial Hospital. Dr. Podany accepts multiple insurance plans including Aetna, Regence Health Plans and Medicare. Dr. Podany also practices at Bear Lake Memorial Hospital in Montpelier, ID. In addition to English, Dr. Podany's practice supports this language: Spanish.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Brooks graduated from Wayne State University School of Medicine in Detroit, and completed his psychiatric residency program at the University of Colorado Medical Center. He currently serves on the staff of several mental health centers in southeast Iowa, and has a private psychotherapy practice in Fairfield, Iowa. In addition, Dr. Brooks has a special interest in complementary and alternative forms of prevention-based health care. He has been an accomplished Maharishi Ayurveda Health Practitioner for the past 30 years, and practices Classical Five Element Acupuncture. Dr. Brooks is the author of Ayurvedic Secrets to Longevity and Total Health, Prentice Hall, 1996 and has published a research study on the benefits of Transcendental Meditation in the treatment of Post Traumatic Stress Disorder (Journal of Counseling and Development, 1985).", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Dr. Woffles Wu practices at Woffles Wu Aesthetic Surgery & Laser Centre in Orchard, Singapore. He completed MBBS from National University of Singapore, Singapore in 1985,FRCS - General Surgery from Royal College Of Surgeon Of Edinburgh, Uk and FAMS - Fellowship of the Academy Medicine from Academy of Medicine, Singapore. He is a member of Singapore Medical Council. Some of the services provided by the doctor are: Aesthetic Surgery of the Face, Eyes & Breast,Radio Frequency Skin Rejuvenation,Body Contouring by Liposculpture,APTOS Face Lifting and The WOFFLES LIFT etc.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Newman has been involved in sports medicine from youth through university levels, including research, teaching, team coverage, and the treatment of musculoskeletal injuries. He strives to blend the newest and best medical technologies with the traditions of caring and concern for the individual patient. Dr. Newman emphasizes communication and patient education, believing that a well-informed patient can better choose between various options as well as participate more fully in the healing process. He has volunteered with Medical Teams International (formerly Northwest Medical Teams International), and his outside interests include skiing, hiking, bicycling, and traveling.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He has experience of more than hundred safe Bariatric surgeries with excellent results. He has specialization in the Laparoscopic Bariatric (Obesity) surgeries and runs a center that provides comprehensive healthcare for the obese.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " In addition, she trained as a physiotherapist and maintained an active license for 30 years. She is appointed at the University of Toronto, Department of Family and Community Medicine as Associate Program Director, Academic Fellowship.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " She practices in Fpo, Armed Forces Europe and has the professional credentials of M.D.. The NPI Number for Sonya N Waters is 1194820217 and she holds a License No. A72930 (California).", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He holds a Fellowship of the Royal College of Surgeons from both Edinburgh and London and has an MD, awarded after a period of full time research. He specialises in colorectal surgery, but has a long-standing interest in hernia surgery, in particular the repair of large complex abdominal hernias.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She is one of nine Advanced Practice Providers helping to meet the demands of a high-volume service and her responsibilities include seeing patients in... Read more", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " She is nationally certified through the National Commission on Certification of Physician Assistants (NCCPA). She completed a Bachelor of Science in Health Science degree at Butler University before receiving her Master of Physician Assistant Studies at Butler University in May 2016.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " She practices in Baltimore, Maryland and has the professional credentials of MD. The NPI Number for Elizabeth M. Lamos is 1043413669 and she holds a License No. D70372 (Maryland).", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Most of these were published by the Palestine Chronicle and have been bundled in the book \u201cUnderstanding Palestine\u201c, which is available through Amazon.com. He also runs a website of internationally oriented music dedicated to the Palestinian cause, which can be found at www.docjazz.com. He contributed this article to PalestineChronicle.com.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He earned his B.S. degree at Baylor University and M.D. at the University of Texas Medical School at Houston. He was trained in General Surgery at the University of Texas Medical School at San Antonio and in plastic surgery at Vanderbilt University Medical School. He is a Diplomate, American Board of Plastic Surgery, and is licensed to practice in both California and Texas. He is also a fellow in the American College of Surgeons and the American Society of Plastic Surgeons. Dr. Vu practices in Orange County,", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Joseph\u2019s Hospital and Medical Center. Dr. Trahan\u2019s expertise includes thoracic and cardiothoracic imaging. She is a member of the Radiological Society of North America and American College of Radiology. Dr. Trahan received her medical degree from the Creighton University School of Medicine in Nebraska. She completed a residency in diagnostic radiology from St. Joseph\u2019s Hospital and Medical Center. She then completed a cardiothoracic radiology fellowship from the Mayo Clinic in Scottsdale.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He performs AV fistula creation and critical maintenance and management of vascular accesses for dialysis patients, as well as minimally invasive procedures for treating PAD and venous disease. Dr. Abels currently practices at Triangle Vascular Associates in Cary, North Carolina.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr.Bannister served on the board of the Center for Pediatric Emergency Medicine, was a founding member of the board of New Beginnings Family Academy, a charter school in Bridgeport, CT, and served on the boards of Saugatuck Child Care Services and Greens Farms Academy in Westport, CT. Currently, Dr. Bannister is on the advisory board of the Mt. Sinai Medical Center Martha Stewart Center for Living and the boards of The Redwood Library and Athenaeum and The Newport Hospital Foundation. In 2014, she and her husband received the Doris Duke Historic Preservation Award from the Newport Restoration Foundation for the restoration of \u201cSeaweed\u201d in Newport, and in 2017, received a second Doris Duke award for the restoration of a Richard Morris Hunt-designed carriage house in Newport.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Dr. Lukins graduated from University of Kentucky College of Medicine in 1969 and has been in practice for 48 years. He completed a residency at University of Utah Health Care. He currently practices at Danville Orthopaedic Associates PSC and is affiliated with Ephraim McDowell Regional Medical Center and James B Haggin Memorial Hospital. Dr. Lukins accepts multiple insurance plans including Aetna, Medicare and Medicaid.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " In addition to these positions Dr Kennedy has previously served on Medical Advisory committees at both the Mater Private Redlands Hospital and the Sunnybank Private Hospital, as well as Royal Darwin and Darwin Private Hospitals. He has served as the QE2 representative to the Queensland Orthopaedic Training Program.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " His primary areas of focus are thyroid cancer and head and neck melanoma surgery. More broadly, he offers surgery for thyroid/parathyroid diseases, and cutaneous & aerodigestive tract malignancies of the head & neck. For endocrine patients, his practice offers comprehensive management of thyroid nodules, multinodular goiters, recurrent and locally advanced thyroid cancers, and parathyroid diseases. For melanoma patients, his care includes melanoma excision, sentinel lymph node biopsy, neck dissection, and expedited aesthetic closure by UCSF facial plastic surgeons. His practice encompasses surgical treatment of all head and neck cancers, including upper aerodigestive tract malignancies such as throat/larynx cancers and oral cavity cancers.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He has worked extensively with dancers, skiiers, and is a team physician with the U.S. Figure Skating Team. Dr. Westin generously took time out of his busy schedule to talk with Dance Advantage about knee problems, proper alignment, pain, and injuries common to dancers.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She evaluates and manages patients who are considering the use of medicinal cannabis as a primary or adjunct therapy for illnesses. Dr. Frye graduated from the University of Maryland School of Medicine, then continued her studies at Baylor College of Medicine in Houston in the field of anesthesiology. She is professionally certified in cannabis science and medicine by the University of Vermont Larner School of Medicine and is a member of the Society of Cannabis Clinicians and the Academy of Integrative Pain Management.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " She served on the faculty of Emperor\u2019s College of Traditional Oriental Medicine and Yo San University of Traditional Chinese Medicine and was a founding member of the Mind Body Planning Committee at UCLA\u2019s Ashe Center.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He subspecialises in arthritis, hip and knee joint replacements and sports injuries. He is one of the largest users of robotic-assisted joint replacement in Southeast Asia.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He is the past president of The American Society for Aesthetic Plastic Surgery, (ASAPS), and Professor and Vice-Chairman of the Department of Plastic Surgery at UT Southwestern Medical Center in Dallas. He is the Director of the Clinical Center for Cosmetic Laser Treatment and Medical Director for the Department of Plastic Surgery, Outpatient Building, UT Southwestern Medical Center in Dallas. His clinical practice is located at the Outpatient Building on the campus of UT Southwestern Medical Center.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Mauerhan graduated from University of Cincinnati College of Medicine in 1978 and has been in practice for 40 years. He completed a residency at Moffitt Hospital University of Ca. Dr. Mauerhan also specializes in Adult Reconstructive Orthopedic Surgery. He currently practices at Cmc Speciality Surgery Center and is affiliated with Carolinas Medical Center. Dr. Mauerhan accepts multiple insurance plans including Aetna, BCBS South Carolina and Medicare. Dr. Mauerhan also practices at CMC Myers Park Internal Medicine in Charlotte, NC.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Lucey did his orthopedic training at Wake Forest and his Sports Medicine & Joint Reconstruction fellowship in New York. He focuses his practice on knee surgery, from arthroscopic ligament reconstruction to partial and total knee replacement.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He provides his clients with a wide variety of cosmetic procedures ranging from BOTOX\u00ae and fillers, lip augmentation and chemical peels to surgeries to improve the appearance of body parts including the rhinoplasty, eyelid, face and neck lifts, breast augmentation, liposuction, and body contouring.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He sees patients impacted by a variety of conditions, including upper extremity fractures and dislocations, trauma, arthritis, sports injuries, tendonitis, and nerve compression.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He is a distinguished professional who can be counted on to give patients exceptional products and services. He specializes in FDA-approved non-surgical treatments that offer excellent results with very little downtime.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She practices in Anchorage, Alaska and has the professional credentials of MD. The NPI Number for Mary K Downs is 1750300794 and she holds a License No. 3677 (Alaska).", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He has served as the Team Physician for Los Angeles Galaxy professional soccer team, and is the Medical Director and Team Physician for the Los Angeles Kings NHL hockey team and is a consultant for UFC Mixed Martial Arts.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " One of four partners in a full-service family practice, she also provides geriatric outreach to Downtown Eastside hotels through the Strathcona Mental Health Team and works with BC Women\u2019s Sexual Assault Service.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He is a member of the SLUCare Physician Group. He is board certified by the American Board of Orthopedic Surgery and serves as an Assistant Professor of Orthopedic Surgery at Saint Louis University School of Medicine.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He has been in private practice since 1983. He is Chief of the Podiatry Section, Department of Surgery, Memorial Hermann Hospital Southwest and is Board Certified by the American Board of Podiatric Surgery, and a Fellow of the American College of Foot & Ankle Surgeons. Dr. Gordon is Board Certified in Wound Care by the American Academy of Wound Management and is a Diplomate of the American Board of Quality Assurance and Utilization Review.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She writes about medicine and the doctor-patient connection for The New York Times and her writings have been featured in the Los Angeles Times, The Washington Post, the New England Journal of Medicine, the Lancet, and on CNN.com and National Public Radio. She is the author of four books, numerous essays, and the co-founder and editor-in-chief of the Bellevue Literary Review. See her most recent TEDMED talk here: Deconstructing Perfection.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Dr. Wilcox graduated from University of Chicago Pritzker School of Medicine in 1995 and has been in practice for 22 years. He completed a residency at Ohio State University Medical Center. Dr. Wilcox also specializes in Sports Medicine. He currently practices at Cardinal Orthopaedics Institute and is affiliated with Mount Carmel St Ann's. Dr. Wilcox accepts multiple insurance plans including Aetna, Medical Mutual of Ohio and Medicare. Dr. Wilcox also practices at The Cardinal Orthopaedic Institute in Columbus, OH. In addition to English, Dr. Wilcox's practice supports these languages: Arabic, Polish and Italian.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Kowalski graduated from Oregon Health & Science University School of Medicine in 1996 and has been in practice for 22 years. He currently practices at Bend Memorial Clinic and is affiliated with St Charles Medical Center Redmond. Dr. Kowalski accepts multiple insurance plans including Aetna, Medicare and Moda Health. Dr. Kowalski also practices at Bend Surgery Center in Bend, OR. In addition to English, Dr. Kowalski's practice supports this language: Spanish.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He completed his Medical Education from the Cornell University Medical College and joined Institute of Reconstructive Plastic Surgery from the New York University Medical Center. He also got the privilege to work as a fellow of Cardiothoracic Surgery from UCLA Medical Center. Certified by the American Board of Plastic Surgery, he has hospital affiliation at Evergreen Hospital and Overlake Hospital. Being the member of American Society for Aesthetic Plastic Surgery (ASAPS) and American Society of Plastic Surgeons (ASPS), Dr. Partington has specialization in Micro Surgery and known for his kindness to contribute his skills to children with cleft lip, burns and hand injuries and birth defects.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " As a child, she lost the use of her legs when she was stricken with polio. But that didn't stop her from following her dream. She overcame her personal challenges to finish medical school and help others.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " After decades of scientific writing, she began writing poetry. Her poetry has been published in The American Journal of Poetry, By&By Poetry, Bluestem Magazine, The Ocotillo Review, and Cecile\u2019s Writers Magazine.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Fata. Instead of administering unnecessary chemotherapy to patients, Dr. Durrani is accused of doing unnecessary surgeries on patients through his private practice, Center for Advanced Spine Technologies (CAST), all to bill insurance companies and Medicare:", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Emera is a general pediatrician and hospitalist who specializes in the care of children with medical complexity including spina bifida. Her research interests include quality improvement and improving care delivery, as well as examining quality of life in this population. She completed her residency in pediatrics and fellowship in hospital medicine at the Floating Hospital for Children at Tufts Medical Center and joined the faculty at Boston Children\u2019s Hospital in 2016. She is an Instructor in Pediatrics at Harvard Medical School.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Before he began traveling from clinic to clinic, he was employed as the head of surgery at the College of Veterinary Medicine at Oklahoma State University.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He is board certified in surgery and colon and rectal surgery. His clinical interests and expertise include colon and rectal Cancer, minimally invasive colorectal surgery (laparoscopic and robotic), transanal endoscopic surgery, Inflammatory Bowel Disease (Crohn's & ulcerative colitis), and anorectal disorders.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Pell graduated from Temple University Lewis Katz School of Medicine in 1978 and has been in practice for 45 years. He completed a residency at Temple University Health System. He currently practices at Roseman Institute and is affiliated with Pottstown Memorial Medical Center. Dr. Pell accepts multiple insurance plans including Aetna, Medicare and Capital Blue Cross. Dr. Pell also practices at Phoenixville Orthopedic Associates in Phoenixville, PA.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " One specialty of his Newport News practice are facial treatments for premature aging. La Femme asked Dr. Carney to discuss these increasingly popular procedures.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He has a number of research interests, and his brain tumor work is largely focused on the development of a DNA vaccine for treatment of primary and metastatic intracerebral tumors. In particular Dr. Lichtor has shown that vaccines prepared by transfer of DNA from the tumor into a highly immunogenic cell line stimulates an antitumor immune response which may be efficacious in the treatment of patients with brain tumors. Other research interests include developing a passive immunotherapeutic strategy for treatment of Alzheimer\u2019s Disease. In addition, he has been involved in the development of a non-invasive MRI technique to measure intracranial pressure and brain compliance, and has been exploring the efficacy of this modality in managing a variety of patients with neurologic problems where intracranial pressure is an issue. Dr. Lichtor is a member of the neurosurgery faculty at Rush University Medical Center in Chicago, Illinois.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " The Consumers\u2019 Research Council of America, an independent and unbiased research organization, recognized him as one of America\u2019s Top Physicians. Dr. Pratt prides himself on taking the health and safety of his patients seriously and providing them with the best possible care. That is just one reason Dr. Pratt offers his patients the IDEAL IMPLANT. Women who want a more natural looking breast enhancement with peace of mind should call Dr. Pratt\u2019s office, as he is one of the exclusive surgeons in the Seattle area to offer the IDEAL IMPLANT.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He founded the Panzi Hospital in Bukavu in 1999 as a clinic for gynaecological and obstetric care and expected to be working on issues of maternal health. Yet since the hospital opened its doors, Dr. Mukwege and his staff have mostly catered for survivors of sexual violence. In its almost two decades of existence, the Panzi Hospital has treated more than 50,000 survivors with physical wounds and provided legal and psycho-social services to its patients.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Shaha completed his surgical training at M.S. University of Baroda and at The Tata Memorial Hospital in India. He completed his surgical training at Downstate Medical Center in Brooklyn, New York and a fellowship in head and neck surgery at Memorial Hospital. He joined the Department of Surgery at Downstate Medical Center in 1982 as a Head and Neck Surgeon, rising to the rank of Professor of Surgery in 1992. During this period, he was also Chief of Head and Neck Surgery at King\u2019s County, Brooklyn VA Hospital and University Hospital. He joined the full time faculty of MSKCC in 1993.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He specializes in open and laparoscopic surgeries, including: colon surgery, Cholecystectomy, and hernia repairs for umbilical, ventral, and inguinal hernias.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He has taken writing classes at The Gotham Writer\u2019s Workshop in New York City and has been writing poetry for over 12 years. His poems have been published in ODET, a Tampa Bay literary journal, The Esthetic Apostle, the pamplemousse literary journal and in the periodical The Senior Voice. He can frequently be heard reading at the Safety Harbor Art and Music Center in Safety Harbor, Florida and is a member of the Safety Harbor Writers and Poets group. The poem he continually comes back to for reflection and inspiration is \u201cUlysses\u201d by Alfred Lord Tennyson. Read more \u2192", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Emrich graduated from McGill University Faculty of Medicine in 1981 and has been in practice for 36 years. He completed a residency at Faculty of Medicine-University of Toronto. He currently practices at Kidney Disease & Hypertension Center and is affiliated with Fairview Hospital. Dr. Emrich accepts multiple insurance plans including Aetna, Harvard Pilgrim and Tufts Health Plan. Dr. Emrich also practices at Berkshire Medical Center in Pittsfield, MA. In addition to English, Dr. Emrich's practice supports this language: Spanish.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She earned her medical degree from Loma Linda University in California in 2001. Dr. Perales completed an internship in internal medicine at Whie Memorial Medical Center and then completed her residency at Loma Linda Medical Center in 2005.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " His interests include Collaborative Care Psychiatry, Consultation Liaison Psychiatry, Co-occurring Substance Use Disorders, and Treatment of Impaired Professionals. Dr. Schaffer has a unique set of clinical and administrative skills bridging many of the deliverysectors in health care. He is double-boarded in Psychiatry and in Internal Medicine, one of few such physicians in the U.S. He is currently practicing Psychiatry across the care continuum. Read full bio\u2026", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " She practices in Bloomfield Hills, Michigan and has the professional credentials of . The NPI Number for Dr. Anan Salloum is 1831390111 and she holds a License No. 4301081045 (Michigan).", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He is now the majority leader of the Senate and should benefit from the GOP\u2019s pick-up of four additional seats in this election cycle. Frist seems to be well liked by all factions of the party. He would probably have the inside track to the Republican nomination if McCain decides not to run.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She was formerly Chair of the Botanical Medicine at the National College of Naturopathic Medicine and remains on the faculty teaching Botanical Medicine, Natural", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " She completed her Master's in Medical Science at Yale University's Physician Associate Program. Ms. Castner has a strong background in counseling and understands that mutual respect between patient and provider is essential to care. She has a special interest in preventative care, and provides complete healthcare services to adults and children.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Dr. Viola graduated from Sidney Kimmel Medical College in 1989 and has been in practice for 28 years. He completed a residency at Georgetown University Medical Center. He currently practices at Back & Spine Center and is affiliated with Martin Medical Center. Dr. Viola accepts multiple insurance plans including Aetna, Medicare and Humana. Dr. Viola also practices at Martin Health System Center For Clinical Research-Tradition Medical Center in Port St Lucie, FL.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He believes an exceptional facelift surgeon needs to be extremely comfortable with the anatomy of the face, also noting that they must be technically proficient while having an impeccable artistic sense.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She\u2019s also publisher of Israel\u2019s largest newspaper, and, with her billionaire husband Sheldon, a philanthropist and influential Republican party donor.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " This includes incorporation of advanced stereotactic and 3-D surgical planning for operative treatment and radiosurgery of both benign and malignant brain tumors. In addition to his interest in neurosurgical oncology, he also practices general neurosurgery, treating patients with a wide range of diseases, including hydrocephalus, head trauma, and spine pathology in adults and children.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Paul\u2019s Hospital in Vancouver, BC. He is also Associate Director of the General Surgery Residency Training Program and a Clinical Assistant Professor at the University of British Columbia. He has special expertise in the management of cancer of the colon and rectum, inflammatory bowel disease (IBD) and proctology (hemorrhoids, anal fissures, fecal incontinence).", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He is chairman of the neurosurgery department and director of the Maxine Dunitz Neurosurgical Institute at Cedars-Sinai Medical Center in Los Angeles, California.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She has been practicing since 2008 at Family Practice Center in Herndon, PA. </p> <p><strong>Education: </strong></p> <ul> <li>MS &ndash; Health Science/Physician Assistant, Lock Haven University, Lock Haven, PA </li> <li>BS &ndash; Health Science, Lock Haven University, Lock Haven, PA </li> </ul> <p><strong>Certification:</strong></p> <ul> <li>National Commission on Certification of Physician Assistants (NCCPA)</li> </ul> <p><strong>Professional Affiliation:</strong></p> <ul> <li>American Academy of Physician Assistants</li> </ul>", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Over the past decade, he has performed thousands of these operations, employing innovative and established techniques to enhance the lives of his patients.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He is announcing the launch of a new website he says is designed to enhance his patients\u2019 online experience. Whether patients are researching specific procedures, or searching for basic information such as a doctor biography or a breast augmentation before-and-after gallery, Dr. Trevisani says he hopes the new website provides an informative online resource.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Her philosophy, \ufffdBeauty is created from the inside out,\ufffd has led her most recently to formulate and launch a proprietary line of DNA-based skin care products called SKINSHIFT\ufffd. She operates from her internationally recognized practice in Austin, Texas, where she has consulted with more than 10,000 patients and offers the latest services and techniques in rejuvenation.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " In his spare time, he has become one of the few individuals from outside Vietnam to be given open access to the files of the Vietnamese People's Air Force. He has made several visits to Hanoi, and other Vietnamese cities, in the past five years, and has interviewed many of the leading aces from the war years.Mark Styling has illustrated several books in both the Aces and Combat Aircraft series. He has recently switched mediums from airbrush to Mac art, and has produced some of the best profiles Osprey has used to date.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She is a member of American Society of Plastic Surgeons and International Society of Aesthetic Plastic Surgery. Dr. Ovidiu Cristea is well known specialist in Indiana region,", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She practices in Anchorage, Alaska and has the professional credentials of M.D.. The NPI Number for Dr. Leslie Gonsette is 1891978599 and she holds a License No. 7046 (Alaska).", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Dr. Lundell stated that they discovered a few years ago that inflammation in the artery wall is the real cause of heart disease. Plus, the long-established dietary recommendations have created epidemics of obesity and diabetes.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Joining Vascular Health Partners is a homecoming of sorts for Dr. Kostun. He is originally from Troy, NY and is coming back home after completing a five year residency in Washington, DC. at Washington Hospital Center and Georgetown University Hospital. Dr. Kostun earned his degree as a Doctor of Medicine from the University at Buffalo, School of Medicine and Biomedical Sciences where he graduated Cum Laude. In 2006, he earned his Bachelor's degree in Biochemical Sciences from Harvard University. As a student at Harvard University, he was the Harvard Stem Cell Institute Internship recipient in 2005.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He is M.S and M.ch (Neurosurgery). He has over 18 years of experience in teaching undergraduates and post graduate students. He has done his MBBS, M.S ( GENERAL SURGERY), M.Ch ( Neurosurgery) from University of Mumbai. He has taken training in X \u2013knife radiosurgery in radionics at Boston ,USA.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He was fellow of the Flinders Medical Centre, Adelaide, Australia, where he understood the intricacies of Computer assisted Joint Replacement and Arthroscopic reconstructions.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She has strong surgical skills and a primary focus on medical Dermatology. Jessica received her Master\u2019s of Health Sciences from Antioch New England Graduate School, and has trained at Johns Hopkins Hospital Baltimore, MD. She is a member of the Massachusetts Association of Physician Assistants. Jessica is also a Diplomate of the Society of Dermatology Physician Assistants. This prestigious title was earned after the completion of a 70-hour dermatology course through the University of Texas Southwestern. The Diplomate title reflects a Physician Assistant\u2019s utmost dedication to the dermatology profession and is the highest honor available as a Dermatology PA.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He specializes in spine surgery, specifically minimally invasive spine surgery and microsurgery. Dr. Qureshi treats diseases and ailments such as herniated discs, scoliosis, spine tumors, and spinal chord injuries. Dr. Qureshi also provides nonsurgical treatment options including caudal steroid injection, facet joint injection, and lumbar epidural steroid injection.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Some of the procedures he usually performs include anterior approach total hip arthroplasty and revision surgery, as well as total knee arthroplasty and revision surgery.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He was awarded the Ministry of Health HMDP Fellowship in 1992 to specialise in Breast Cancer Surgery under the tutelage of Prof Roger W Blamey who was instrumental in the training and specialisation of breast surgeons in the United Kingdom.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Flake graduated from Wayne State University School of Medicine in 1979 and has been in practice for 38 years. He completed a residency at Wayne State University School of Medicine. He currently practices at Thomas Flake MD and is affiliated with DMC Sinai-Grace Hospital, St John Hospital & Medical Center and St John Macomb-Oakland Hospital Macomb Center. Dr. Flake accepts multiple insurance plans including Aetna, Blue Cross Blue Shield of Michigan and Medicare.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He completed a residency at Shands Hospital at University of Fl. Dr. Abrahams also specializes in Sports Medicine. He currently practices at Oxford Orthopedics and is affiliated with Broward Health Medical Center, Plantation General Hospital and Westside Regional Medical Center. Dr. Abrahams accepts multiple insurance plans including Medicare, Humana and UnitedHealthcare.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Prior to joining Adventist HealthCare, she was the senior medical officer for the Maries Stopes Society, a reproductive health services organization in Pakistan. Dr. Nasir also served as the primary and urgent care physician for Yakima Valley Farm Worker\u2019s Clinic in Washington.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He practices full-time in a rural community hospital in South Carolina. He has spent many years practicing in rural and critical access facilities, including locum tenens work for Weatherby Healthcare. He is a writer and blogger. He and his wife have four children. See more at www.edwinleap.com.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Dr. Magliocca graduated from Icahn School of Medicine at Mount Sinai in 1999 and has been in practice for 19 years. He completed a residency at University of Michigan Hospitals and Health Centers. He currently practices at Emory University Hospital and is affiliated with Emory University Hospital Midtown. Dr. Magliocca accepts multiple insurance plans including Aetna, Medicare and Humana. Dr. Magliocca also practices at The Emory Clinic Vascular Surgery in Atlanta, GA. In addition to English, Dr. Magliocca's practice supports these languages: Spanish, French, Italian, Vietnamese and German.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Eye and Ear's main campus on Charles Street. He is the Walter Augustus LeCompte Professor and Chair of Otology and Laryngology at Harvard Medical School and the Chief of Otolaryngology at Mass. Eye and Ear and Mass General. A graduate of the University of Utah, Dr. Welling completed his Otolaryngology residency at the University of Iowa and a fellowship in Otology, Neurotology and Skull Base Surgery at the Ear Foundation at Vanderbilt University. Dr. Welling also earned a Ph.D. in Pathobiology from The Ohio State University.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He has lived and worked as a doctor in Greenland and in the far north of Norway. He has written numerous scientific articles, and TROPHY is his fourth thriller, and the book that gave him a massive breakthrough in Denmark.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He is MD from the New York Medical College and a resident of Plastic Surgery from Downstate Medical Center and Kings County Hospital. Certified by the American Board of Plastic Surgery, Dr. Enisman is the member of American Society of Plastic Surgeons (ASPS) and Fellow American College of Surgeons (FACS). Dr. Enisman has hospital affiliations at Vassar Brothers Medical Center and Mid Hudson Regional Hospital.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Perennially voted one of Richmond\u2019s \u201cTop Docs,\u201d he has a strong commitment to excellence in all aspects of orthopaedic care, ensuring that every patient is treated with courtesy and compassion. He has served as the team physician for the U.S. Olympic ski team and Olympic training camp, as well as various professional soccer, football, and hockey teams.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Wallace specializes in periodontics, including dental implant surgery. This means that Dr. Wallace has spent years in specialty education and uses advanced surgical techniques to supply his patients the finest of results while maximizing", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She practices naturopathic family medicine with an emphasis on chronic lung and heart conditions. 602-265-1774, drvaughan@aimcenteraz.com or www.AIMcenterAZ.com.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " His observations have led him to decide there are just four distinct types of penis in the world. This does not take into account surgery that may make a penis larger, such as one particular erectile dysfunction cure which can also increase average penis size.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " David Thompson. Prior to working in the clinical setting, Kirsten was the head athletic trainer for Pfeiffer University, Queens University of Charlotte, Lee College in Baytown, TX, as well as Guilford College. She decided to have a career change due to the long hours in the university setting which brought her to clinical care.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Since September 2013, he has been working in Paris at the Centre Medical Vauban. He works with several reputable organisations such as Sports Clinic of Bordeaux-Merignac (France). He is a member of the French Society of Sport Traumatology (SFTS), the French Surgery Association (AFC), and European Hernia Society (EHS-GREPA) amongst others. He founded the Association for Treatment of Groin Pain (APLPP) and he recently organised the First National Groin Pain Conference in October 2012 in Bordeaux (France).", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She provides a comprehensive and personalized approach to healthcare that focuses on addressing the underlying causes of disease rather than solely treating the symptoms. Dr. Ledenac sees patients of all ages, adults and children, for a wide range of health conditions including both acute and chronic concerns.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Dr. Peterson specializes in fracture care, minimally invasive joint replacement and sports medicine. He received his medical degree from the Medical College of Wisconsin in Milwaukee and practices in Maplewood, Oak Park Heights, St. Croix Falls and Wyoming.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He completed his Medical School from the Gulbarga Medical College and a Resident of Plastic Surgery from Albany Medical Center. He also got the privilege to work as a fellow of Cosmetic Surgery at Manhattan Eye, Ear, Nose and Throat Hospital. Certified by the American Board of Plastic Surgery, he is a member of American Society for Aesthetic Plastic Surgery and has hospital affiliations at Broward Health Coral Springs, Surgery Center at Coral Springs, Northwest Medical Center and other hospitals which cares the patients.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Wengerter graduated from State University of New York Upstate Medical University in 1980 and has been in practice for 37 years. He completed a residency at Montefiore Medical Center. Dr. Wengerter also specializes in Vascular Surgery. He currently practices at Bergen Thoracic and Vascular Associates and is affiliated with Englewood Hospital & Medical Center and Holy Name Hospital. Dr. Wengerter accepts multiple insurance plans including Aetna, MVP Health Plan and Medicare. Dr. Wengerter also practices at Rockland Thoracic & Vascular Associates PC in Pomona, NY.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Wright graduated from University of Texas Medical Branch School of Medicine in 1994 and has been in practice for 24 years. He completed a residency at University of Texas Health System. Dr. Wright also specializes in Bariatric Medicine (Obesity Medicine). He currently practices at Carcamo Urrutia & Wright MDs and is affiliated with Methodist Hospital, Nix Medical Center and Northeast Baptist Hospital. Dr. Wright accepts multiple insurance plans including Aetna, Imagine Health - Innovative Health and Medicare. In addition to English, Dr. Wright's practice supports this language: Spanish.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She is the associate medical director for patient safety at Settle Children\u2019s. She received her MD from the University of Washington, completing her residency at Seattle Children\u2019s and a fellowship in pediatric emergency medicine at Children\u2019s Hospital of Philadelphia.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Certified by the American Board of Plastic Surgery, he has hospital affiliation at Florida Hospital Wesley Chapel. He completed his Doctor of Dental Surgery from the Northwestern University Dental School. He also joined University of Wisconsin as a Resident of Plastic Surgeon. He also got the privilege to work as a fellow of Microvascular Surgery.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He is an expert in repairing problems from previous cosmetic surgeries. In Beverly Hills, California, he practices medicine and has built a reputation-among patients and fellow physicians as \u201cDr. Fix-It.\u201d", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He currently practices at his clinics at Mount Elizabeth, Mount Elizabeth Novena and Parkway East Hospitals and specialises in the treatment of knee and hip-related conditions, performing about 150 knee and hip-related surgeries each year.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " In addition to the excellent academic records, she has acquired sharp skills in treating complicated ailments from her thorough approach of using the ancient texts and as well as her interactions with scholarly Vaidyas (practitioners of unbroken tradition of Ayurveda). Now a mother of a new born she is enjoying her motherhood vacations. Along with Ayurveda, she is inclined towards literature and has been fascinated by great works. She has an addiction towards books and tea, travelling and is fond of old songs.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He currently practices at Jay V Dewell MD and is affiliated with Canton-Potsdam Hospital. Dr. Dewell accepts multiple insurance plans including Aetna, MVP Health Plan and Empire Blue Cross Blue Shield. Dr. Dewell also practices at Canton-Potsdam Hospital in Potsdam, NY.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Her research interests include the prevention of HIV transmission, and she has been involved in initiatives that have resulted in a significant reduction in HIV diagnoses in men who have sex with men in London. She is also interested in the sexual and reproductive health of women, and particularly HIV positive women. She is a passionate advocate for women\u2019s access to HIV prevention strategies including HIV pre-exposure prophylaxis (PrEP).", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Dr. Liljenquist graduated from George Washington University School of Medicine & Health Sciences in 2001 and has been in practice for 17 years. He completed a residency at University Medical Center, University of Toledo. Dr. Liljenquist also specializes in Hand Surgery and Sports Medicine. He currently practices at Liljenquist Orthopaedic Surgery, PC and is affiliated with Eastern Idaho Regional Medical Center and Mountain View Hospital. Dr. Liljenquist accepts multiple insurance plans including Aetna, Regence Health Plans and Medicare. In addition to English, Dr. Liljenquist's practice supports this language: Japanese.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He currently practices at Abington Memorial Hospital and is affiliated with Hospital of the University of Pennsylvania. In addition to English, Dr. Cassis's practice supports these languages: Italian, Korean, French, Russian and Spanish.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She has been in practice since 2008, and founded North Atlanta Breast Care in 2016. Dr. Lairet is a Fellow of the American College of Surgeons, a member of the American Society of Breast Surgeons and the Association of Women Surgeons.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " She practices in Birmingham, Alabama and has the professional credentials of M.D.. The NPI Number for Laura Kay Buell is 1275823437 and she holds a License No. 31813 (Alabama).", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " She practices in Apo, Armed Forces Europe and has the professional credentials of M.D.. The NPI Number for Lauren Bosshardt is 1265791396 and she holds a License No. 01073523A (Indiana).", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He received further sub-specialty fellowship training with international plastic surgeons in micro-vascular breast reconstruction, cosmetic plastic surgery, and body contouring after bariatric (gastric banding) surgery, significant weight loss or post-pregnancy. Dr Rodger Shortt strives to be the best plastic surgeon in breast surgery, tummy tuck surgery and mommy makeover procedures. and is committed to providing high quality patient care and achieving excellent results. He is considered one of the top plastic surgeons and one of the few plastic surgeons in Canada that has the top rating of five stars in Realself, Rate MD, and Ontario Doctor review.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He was named 2006 Physician of the Year at the UC San Diego Medical Center in recognition of his dedication to his patients and the high rate of successful outcomes of his surgeries.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He is also the CEO of Induce Biologics Inc., a Toronto based company focusing on the production and distribution of bone regeneration substance known as URIST. Dr. Cameron Clokie has been practicing his profession for more than three decades, and in his thirty-year career in the field of medicine, he has seen all sorts of condition where URIST can be used to treat the patients. Dr. Cameron Clokie has also practiced dentistry in the past and stated that the product created by Induce Biologics Inc. could help orthodontics in fixing teeth irregularities.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He has specialised in cosmetic surgery since 2007 and has a broad range of expertise encompassing breast surgery, facial rejuvenation, body contouring and gynaecological enhancement.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr Lal graduated from the University of Sydney in 1990 and completed his training in Ophthalmology at Sydney Eye Hospital. He then undertook further fellowship training in retinal diseases at St Thomas\u2019 Hospital, London. He is a member of both the Australian and American Societies of Cataract and Refractive Surgery. He is in private practice as a partner at Hornsby Eye Specialists in Florence Street, Hornsby and operates at Madison Day Surgery.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He is also an effective executive trained as a Project Manager, passionate with exceptional leadership skills, analytical and critical reasoning skills. He is a deliberate great team player with a focused interest in Quality Improvement, Patient Safety and Accreditation. A graduate of the College of Medicine, University of Ilorin with love for music and dance; eloquently speaks English, Yoruba and Arabic. His enthusiasm and commitment to his work is unparalleled. James utilizes available resources to achieve desired results without compromising professional standards or personal integrity. James is a member of the Christian Medical and Dental Association (CMDA) and the Nigerian Medical Association (NMA). He currently resides in Saudi Arabia.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He completed a residency at New York Medical College. He currently practices at Bangaruraju Kolanuvada MD and is affiliated with Dobbs Ferry Pavillion at St Johns Riverside Hospital. Dr. DeFeo accepts multiple insurance plans including Empire Blue Cross Blue Shield, Medicare and Blue Cross Blue Shield. Dr. DeFeo also practices at Joseph DeFeo MD PC in New York, NY. In addition to English, Dr. DeFeo's practice supports these languages: Hindi and Spanish.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He said the new study \u201ccomplements prior research\u201d finding much the same thing, and he believes that \u201cthe majority of patients can experience significant improvement over weeks to months without undergoing surgery.\u201d", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He is currently practising at Dr. Samir Kalra@Brahm Shakti Hospital & Research Centre in Budh Vihar, Delhi. Book an appointment online with Dr. Samir Kalra and consult privately on Lybrate.com.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She received her medical degree from Allegheny University of the Health Sciences and has been in practice for 29 years. She is one of 49 doctors at Bethesda North Hospital and one of 43 at Christ Hospital who specialize...", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He is Professor of Cerebrovascular Neurosurgery at Macquarie University. Professor Morgan trained in Sydney and the Mayo Clinic. He was appointed the first full Professor in Neurosurgery of the University of Sydney in 1998 and the first Dean of Medicine at Macquarie University (2006-2010). Professor Morgan was the Vice President, Health and Medical development, at Macquarie University (2010-2014). Professor Morgan is an internationally recognised neurosurgeon for aneurysms, arteriovenous malformations and complex reconstruction of the arteries of the brain. He has operated on more cerebrovascular cases than any other neurosurgeon in Australia with more than 2,000 aneurysms and 700 arteriovenous malformations (AVMs). He retired from surgery in June 2014 but continues to work with the team of cerebrovascular neursurgeons at Macquarie and continues with research.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He specializes in advanced brain mapping methods, including awake craniotomy for speech and motor mapping, to safely perform surgery in the brain. Dr. Chang directs a clinical research program that is dedicated to improving long-term outcomes and safety of surgical treatments for patients with medically refractory epilepsy.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Her specialty is medical oncology and geriatrics. She received her MD from the University of Pittsburgh and her BA from Brown University. Jenny has been interviewed for national television programs about being a woman in Opus Dei.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " She refers to her approach as \u201cenergy psychology,\u201d but it seems to fall under the same energy-based allergy treatment classification as BioSET, NAET, and others. Dr. Radomski explains that her treatments help to teach the body that it no longer needs to react negatively to allergens. This is done by stimulating acupuncture points while patients are holding a substance they are allergic to, or thinking about that substance. The energy imbalance, or allergy, is thereby eliminated.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Dr. Carroll graduated from Georgetown University School of Medicine in 1976 and has been in practice for 39 years. He completed a residency at Nassau University Medical Center. He currently practices at Island Orthopedic Sports Medicine and is affiliated with South Nassau Communities Hospital and St Joseph Hospital. Dr. Carroll accepts multiple insurance plans including Aetna, MVP Health Plan and Medicare. Dr. Carroll also practices at Orlin & Cohen Orthopedic Associates LLP in Merrick, NY. In addition to English, Dr. Carroll's practice supports this language: Spanish.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He aims at getting patients and athletes, young and old, back to their active lifestyles.He specializes in treating all types of shoulder pain, hip and knee pain, as well as elbow and ankle sports-related injuries. He is also an integral part of the Miami Institute for Joint Reconstruction, the largest Orthopaedic Group in Miami-Dade County.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He has been trained from the finest medical colleges in Mumbai, the Topiwala National Medical College and the Seth G.S. Medical college. Apart from this, he is a member of various national associations of paediatric surgeons and paediatricians. He attends conferences, CMEs at all levels on a regular basis both as speaker and faculty and as a delegate. His areas of special expertise includes minimally invasive surgery in children - thoracoscopies and laparoscopies and also bronchoscopies in children.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He met his wonderful wife, Derricca, at church when they were 16 and were united in marriage at 19.He is the proud father of one daughter, Abigail and two sons, Jacob and Levi.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " An Ohio native, coming from the Canton area, he completed medical school at The Ohio State University. Dr. Tscholl went on to complete a specialized \"fellowship\" training program in Foot and Ankle surgery in Baltimore Maryland at Union Memorial Hospital.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He meets a mysterious Thai woman who guides him towards a past he did not know changing his role, from a respected surgeon to a confused detective, to finally discover his father's hidden story and consequences.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He sees patients in Lincolnshire, Libertyville and Crystal Lake, Ill. Dr. Domont is currently accepting new patients \u2013 for questions or to schedule an appointment, contact AMG Orthopedics at (847) 634-1766.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " As an internist, Dr. Fabi can treat many illnesses and conditions, and is skilled at treating a patient who has several illnesses or disorders at the same time. While she emphasizes disease prevention and wellness, Dr. Fabi can treat a wide range of diseases, including problems with the heart, blood, kidneys, joints, digestive, respiratory and circulatory systems, eyes, ears, skin, nervous system and reproductive organs, along with mental health or substance abuse issues.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Ongoing continuing education has been in the areas of chiropractic rehabilitation, nutrition and soft tissue techniques such as craniosacral therapy and myofascial release. Dr. Liou has been a faculty member at Ashmead College (formerly Seattle Massage School and newly Everest College) where she taught Kinesiology, Anatomy and Physiology. She is currently an adjunct faculty member with Bastyr University's Physical Medicine Department. Learn more at returntohealth.org.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Dr. Baron recently completed his spine fellowship at Cedars-Sinai Medical from an essay on criticism paraphrase MeSH term(s), Spondylolisthesis/surgery ; Spondylolisthesis/diagnosis ; Spondylolisthesis/ Scoliosis/therapy ; Spinal Fusion ; Spondylolisthesis/complications", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She practices in Apo, Armed Forces Europe and has the professional credentials of PA. The NPI Number for Ms. Nancy Marie Giunta is 1063403640 and she holds a License No. 156 (Massachusetts).", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " She has previously had poetry, short stories and creative non-fiction published. Sarah is currently living in Oxford, United Kingdom and is writing her first novel. (Twitter @sarah_sasson)", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He is someone who has been a plastic surgeon for over a decade and he has served many patients during that time. This man is board-certified to serve as a plastic surgeon and he is able to handle all kinds of issues that a person might like to have addressed. This man has the knowledge that he needs to serve each of his patients in a way that can change their life for the better.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Her previous books are Singular Intimacies, Incidental Findings, and Medicine in Translation. Ofri writes frequently for the New York Times, Los Angeles Times, CNN.com, and other publications.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He is committed to excellence in aesthetic surgery. He specializes in secondary breast surgeries, including breast augmentation, breast implant removal, breast reduction and secondary breast revision surgeries. Additionally, his work includes facial surgeries including rhinoplasty and facelifts and total body rejuvenation surgeries such as abdominoplasty. He is a board certified plastic surgeon and is a Diplomat of The American Board of Plastic Surgery. He is a member in good standing with ASPS, ASAPS, CSPS and a fellow in ACS. Each of these prominent organizations requires members to be an accomplished plastic surgeon with a commitment to high standards and quality patient care.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Prichard graduated from University of Texas Medical Branch School of Medicine in 2000 and has been in practice for 13 years. He currently practices at Advanced Aesthetic Associates and is affiliated with Banner University Medical Center Phoenix. Dr. Prichard accepts multiple insurance plans including TRICARE, Medicare and Cigna. In addition to English, Dr. Prichard's practice supports this language: Spanish.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She strive to employ the full power of the primary care naturopathic doc with many of the traditional treatment options like herbs, homeopathy, nutrition to more modern ones like IV nutrient therapy, minor surgery, bio-identical hormone treatment, conventional drugs, and more!", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " A graduate of the University of Valencia, he specialized in Traumatology and Orthopedic Surgery at the Hospital La Fe and also holds a Masters in emergencies for Personal Health. Dr. Palomar also has a master's degree in Emergency and Disaster Health. For months comprised of the CEMTRO Clinic Madrid specialization artrosc\u00f3pita surgery and Endo-Klinic Hamburg p... Top Doctors", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She received her M.D. from Beijing Union Medical College in dermatology. She also completed a fellowship in the Netherlands fungal diversity center. Dr. Lv is a branch member of the Combine Traditional Chinese and Western Medicine Cosmetic Surgery Branch and is a member of the Chinese Medical Association of Skin Diseases.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He received his medical degree from Yale University School of Medicine in 1968. Dr. Livingston his internship in internal medicine at Hospital of the University of Pennsylvania and followed that training with a fellowship at the National Institute of Health at Columbia, Presbyterian Medical Center.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " The doctor soon becomes addicted to his newly-discovered gas. In his despe... more \u00bbration to get the drug, Karloff must make a diabolical bargain with body snatchers to feed his growing habit. \"A natural for horror addicts, if they can stand all that blood!\"--Daily Cinema. \u00ab less", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Salibian specializes in aesthetic and reconstructive plastic surgery of the face, breast/chest and body for women and men. He has special interest and expertise in breast cancer reconstruction and is an active member of the multidisciplinary breast teams at several hospitals in the community. He is a Fellow of the American College of Surgeons.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She practices in Abington, Pennsylvania and has the professional credentials of PAC. The NPI Number for Jami S Smith is 1194837815 and she holds a License No. MA003090L (Pennsylvania).", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " She graduated from the University of Illinois at Chicago. She has been a graduate medical educator for the past 15 years at Presence Saints Mary and Elizabeth Medical Center in Chicago. When she is not writing or reading, she enjoys traveling in search of the best wildlife adventure.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " She holds a bachelor\u2019s degree in health sciences with a physician assistant certification. Knowing she wanted to specialize in dermatology, Andrea did extra...", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He attended the University of Utah before completing medical school at Barry University School of Podiatric Medicine. Dr. Evans completed his residency at the Jackson Health System in Miami, FL. He has an extensive background in lower extremity trauma, surgical reconstruction of foot and ankle deformities, and sports injuries.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He is attached to several social service organisations and writes and talks about cancer-related societal issues. He lives in Kolkata with his family.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " As the Toronto Branch president of the Federation of Medical Women of Canada, she has been active in efforts to raise awareness for women\u2019s health. She is Assistant Clinical Professor at McMaster University and Assitant Professor at the University of Toronto. As VP of Medisys Health Group Inc, she is very interested in cutting edge options for health promotion. She is also a noted international and national speaker on health prevention, wellness, continuing medical education and women\u2019s health as well as member of numerous advisory bodies for both the provincial and federal government, helping make decisions regarding healthcare of Canadian", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He is MD from the University of Minnesota and a Resident of General Surgery from Sinai Hospital of Detroit. He also worked as a resident of Plastic Surgery at Phoneix Plastic Surgery.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He practices in Fayetteville, Arkansas and has the professional credentials of MD. The NPI Number for Gary A Thomas is 1831125731 and he holds a License No. E-7339 (Arkansas).", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Dr. Kornblatt has extensive experience in microscopic surgery, a form of minimally invasive surgery that uses advanced microscopes to view the surgical area. This technique allows him to perform delicate spine surgery using small incisions, decreasing pain and speeding recoverytimes. Dr. Kornblatt also is experienced in providing injection therapy to treat degenerative disorders of the spine.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Rhoten takes care of clients as if they are his family, ensuring they receive fast and effective treatment. For more info: http://doctors.healthgrove.com/l/37788/Rex-Rhoten-in-San-Diego-California", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Bocklage graduated from University of Manitoba Faculty of Medicine in 1967 and has been in practice for 51 years. He completed a residency at University of Minnesota at Fairview. He currently practices at Joseph F Bocklage MD and is affiliated with Buffalo Hospital, North Memorial Medical Center and Park Nicollet Methodist Hospital. Dr. Bocklage accepts multiple insurance plans including Aetna, Medicare and Multiplan.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She completed her training at Boston Children's Hospital and Harvard University. She specializes in work with teenage mothers, improving the health of vulnerable children and decreasing youth... View More", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He is co-developer of Biomet\u2019s Comprehensive\u00ae Shoulder System and specializes in shoulder and sports medicine procedures, including shoulder replacement, sports shoulder injuries, arthroscopic shoulder surgery and revision shoulder arthroplasty.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " His practice, Performance Orthopedics, is located in Bingham Farms. Guettler is active in teaching and research at Beaumont Hospital and Oakland University. Guettler also enjoys sledding with his kids.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She uniquely combines a research background in substance abuse and mental health treatment services with a clinical background in treatment for substance use and\u2026", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " She represents the California Medical Association at the national level. She is an advocate for improvements in health care technology, protections for medical residents, and a shift to wellness-focused, integrative patient care. She is the co-author of Minerals: The Forgotten Nutrient. She has been a reporter for the ABC News' Medical Unit, a commentator for the television show \"Hopkins,\" a script consultant for shows including Harry's Law, The Ghost Whisperer, Brothers and Sisters, House, and The Firm, and her work has been published in the Los Angeles Times, The Economist, the LA Weekly, and The New Physician.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " After graduating from McMaster (\u201988) she completed the rural residency program through UBC, and practiced in Hazelton, then Pemberton, until 2007. Somewhere in between she completed a Master\u2019s in Community Medicine and Epidemiology. She has provided focused primary care in sexual and reproductive health in Whistler for the past 15 years. Recipient of a Vancouver Foundation Community-Based Clinician Investigator Award, 2007-2010, her research interests include sexually transmitted infection screening. She recently served as Physician Lead for the HIV Testing Initiative in Family Practice, and is currently on leave as Site Research Faculty for the Vancouver Fraser Family Practice Residency Program.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He offers a full-range of plastic surgery options for the face, breast and body, as well as many non-surgical procedures such as BOTOX\u00ae Cosmetic and laser hair removal at his medical spa. Dr. Schlechter received his medical degree from the University of Health Sciences/The Chicago Medical School in Chicago, Illinois, and completed residency in general surgery at Case Western Reserve University and Mount Sinai Medical Center in Cleveland, Ohio. He is affiliated with many professional organizations, such as the American Society of Plastic Surgeons, American Society for Aesthetic Plastic Surgery and American Society for Laser Medicine and Surgery. Dr. Schlechter is certified by the American Board of Plastic Surgery and has more than 20 years of experience.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He has extensive experience in treatments such as partial knee replacement, complex primary total knee replacement, revision knee replacement, minimal invasive knee and shoulder sports surgery.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She graduated from the National University of Natural Medicine in Portland, Oregon with a Doctorate in Naturopathic medicine and a Masters of Science in Oriental medicine. Dr. Shaver is a licensed acupuncturist. She co-founded and runs Everyday Wellness Clinic in downtown Portland, where she maintains a private practice. Dr. Shaver is a yearly guest lecturer on celiac disease and non-celiac gluten sensitivity at the National University of Natural Medicine She is the branch manager for the Gluten Intolerance Group of Portland.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He sees patients of all ages, from children to older adults, for the range of musculoskeletal conditions. Dr. Lettvin has extensive experience in knee and shoulder arthroscopy, ankle arthroscopy, hip and knee replacements and fracture repairs in both the arms and legs. A high school and college basketball player, Dr. Lettvin experienced orthopedic injuries himself as a teenager. His admiration for the doctors who provided care for him and enabled him to resume playing sports led him to want to become an orthopedic surgeon. In providing care, Dr. Lettvin sets out to solve patients\u2019 problems in the least invasive fashion possible. He combines excellent diagnostic abilities with strong [...]", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She is also a former Medical Assistant and former member of the pre-health program at Vanguard Skin Specialists. She appears here, picture perfect on her wedding day. (Photo credit: Dynamic Range Photography)", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " In most cases, Dr. Donahue is able to successfully treat patients with a program of physical therapy. When needed, Dr. Donahue provides such advanced treatments as arthroscopic rotator cuff repair, arthroscopic anterior cruciate ligament reconstruction, meniscus surgery, and kneecap realignment. He also offers platelet-rich plasma injections to stimulate tissue healing and, in select cases, biocartilage injections to enhance cartilage restoration. Dr. Donahue\u2019s approach to care emphasizes listening to his patients carefully in order to understand what they want to achieve with their treatment and to provide individualized care aimed at meeting those goals. He places a priority [...]", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He is board certified by the American Board of Surgery and the American Board of Thoracic Surgery. His clinical expertise includes thoracic oncology, cardiothoracic transplantation, mechanical circulatory support, transcatheter aortic valve replacement, and less invasive valvular surgery. After his residency in General Surgery, Dr. Wu went on to complete fellowship training in both Cardiothoracic Surgery and Cardiothoracic Transplant and Mechanical Assist Devices. He is a member of the Society of Thoracic Surgeons and the Western Thoracic Surgical Association. Dr. Wu is on the medical staff at Baylor Scott & White All Saints Medical Center - Fort Worth. His office is located in the professional office building on that campus. He is currently welcoming new patients.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He works at Knickerbocker Hospital in New York along with a team of groundbreaking surgeons and nurses, where they push the boundaries of medicine to overcome high mortality rates in a world where there are no antibiotics.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He performs Adjustable Gastric Banding with both traditional and scarless single incision approaches. Dr Ganta has developed a comprehensive bariatric practice in Austin and also performs Gastric Bypass, Duodenal Switch, Sleeve Gastrectomy or Gastric Sleeve, Stomaphyx, as well as Revisions for failed weight loss surgery. Dr. Ganta is one of the most experienced bariatric surgeons in Austin, Texas.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He is an executive founding member of the Skeletal Dysplasia Management Consortium. Dr. David Fajgenbaum is executive director of the Castleman Disease Collaborative Network and assistant professor and associate director of the Orphan Disease Center at the University of Pennsylvania.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He is known predominantly for his expertise in breast surgery including breast reconstruction after cancer, breast augmentation, breast lifts, and breast reduction; as well as body lifts, body contouring after weight loss, and complex plastic surgeries.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Tatsumi specializes in minimally invasive surgery and in artificial disc replacement for the neck and lower back. He has published several book chapters and peer reviewed papers throughout his career.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He is certified by the American Board of Plastic Surgery and is an Assistant Clinical Professor of Plastic Surgery at the University of California. Dr. Domanskis has been recognized as a Physician of Excellence in Plastic Surgery from the Orange County Medical Association, as well has been listed among America\u2019s Top Plastic Surgeons and Best Doctors in America.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Bradway graduated from University of Arizona College of Medicine in 1988 and has been in practice for 34 years. He completed a residency at Mayo Clinic and Medical School. He currently practices at John K Bradway MD/Ortho Arizonia and is affiliated with HonorHealth Scottsdale Shea Medical Center. Dr. Bradway accepts multiple insurance plans including Aetna, Medicare and Humana. In addition to English, Dr. Bradway's practice supports this language: Spanish.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Ms. Milissa Wong practices at Bao Zhong Tang TCM Centre in Novena, Singapore. She completed Bachelor in TCM from Beijing University of Chinese Medicine in 2016. She is a member of Traditional Chinese Medicine Practitioners Baord and NTU TCM Alumni. Some of the services provided by the her are: Cupping Therapy,paediatric tuina,TCM and Traditional Chinese Medicine etc.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " She runs a website that carries stories of real people with chronic pain who have successfully come to self-manage their pain. They each tell their story of how they\u2019ve overcome suffering and have learned to thrive in life despite persistent pain.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Her research interests center on improving mental health outcomes for vulnerable children, and particularly for children involved in the child welfare system.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He has over 25 years\u2019 experience in sports medicine and orthopedic surgery, specializing in arthroscopy of the knee and shoulder, ACL and meniscus surgery, as well as rotator cuff and ligament surgery. Dr Murphy also specializes in total joint replacement of the knee and hip.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He is MD from the Case Western Reserve University. He then joined the University of Virginia as a Resident of Surgery and Northwestern University as a resident of Plastic Surgery. Certified by the American Board of Plastic Surgery, he is a member of American Society of Plastic Surgeons (ASPS).", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " His connection with the U. T. College of Veterinary Medicine began several years ago when he brought his two Doberman pinscher dogs to the veterinary hospital for specialized treatment. Since then he has been an avid support of the college and became a major financial contributor in 1997. His interest in the War Dog Memorial came from his affection not only for the Doberman pinscher breed, but as a means to express the bond that exists between humans and dogs.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He has special expertise in delivering natural and long-lasting results in breast augmentation, facial aesthetic surgery, abdominoplasty, high definition liposuction and sex reassignment surgery. Dr. McEvenue joined the McLean Clinic after having worked with Dr. McLean during his residency training at the University of Toronto and is the Director of Education and Research for the McLean clinic.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Her main surgical interests are hysteroscopic myomectomy, polypectomy, and endometrial ablation, as well as laparoscopic management of ovarian abnormalities and laparoscopic hysterectomy. Her office practice focuses on women\u2019s health, with special interests in family planning, vaginal health, and management of menopause.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He has special interest in Deformity correction using Ilizarov techniques and hexapod (SUV), Musculo - skeletal Loco Motor deformities and Gait related problems of Polio and Cerebral Palsy. Dr. Bhola is specialized in handling special orthopedic conditions like polio, cerebral palsy, CTEV, Congenital limb deformities, posttraumatic limb deformities, bone non-union deformities, foot deformities and other developmental deformities. He is actively involved in various conferences and seminars.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He received his M.D. Ph.D. degrees from New York University and then underwent Internal Medicine training at the University of California, San Francisco and New York Hospital/Weill Cornell Medical Center. He then completed his clinical training in the combined Massachusetts General Hospital and Brigham and Women\u2019s Hospital Infectious Disease fellowship program.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He has done his Masters in General Surgery from Bombay Hospital & Medical Research Centre and DNB-Neurosurgery from premier tertiary care institute NIMHANS/SSSIHMS, Bangalore. He has previously worked in the Neuro Team of Kokilaben Dhirubhai Ambani Hospital.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She practices in Apo, Armed Forces Europe and has the professional credentials of M.D.. The NPI Number for Dr. Julia Christine Jackson is 1407888068 and she holds a License No. 35. 082463 (Ohio).", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Before joining TP Dental Surgeons as an Associate, he also headed dental clinics in public institutions as Dental Officer-in-charge. Outside of dentistry, Dr Shiming is an avid car enthusiast, unashamed adrenaline junkie and photography hobbyist.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She received her master\u2019s degree in physician assistant studies from the New York Institute of Technology School of Health Professions and has worked in the field of pediatric urology since graduating in 2009.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " She practices in Anchorage, Alaska and has the professional credentials of MD. The NPI Number for Catherine A White is 1881681062 and she holds a License No. 4335 (Alaska).", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He is also a clinical assistant professor of Neurosurgery as well as Gynecology because of his extensive experience in reconstruction of neurologic and gynecologic structures.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She practices in Oxnard, California and has the professional credentials of MD. The NPI Number for Dr. Harpreet K Singh is 1942258124 and she holds a License No. C55658 (California).", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Luke\u2019s Medical Center and St. Joseph Medical Center. He is a pediatric surgeon at the Texas Children\u2019s Hospital and the Co-Director of the Texas Children\u2019s Fetal Center.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He has been a Consultant at the Oxford University Hospitals NHS Trust since 2009. He is a full member of the British Association of Plastic, Reconstructive and Aesthetic Surgeons (BAPRAS) and the British Association of Aesthetic Plastic Surgeons (BAAPS).", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " At the UT Southwestern Medical Center, he is the Professor of Plastic Surgery. Dr. Rohrich is a true expert in his field and has a skill unlike any other plastic surgeon. He has helped thousands of men and women look naturally youthful throughout his career.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Schneider received her Bachelor of Science in Health Studies from Kent State University prior to earning her Masters of Science in Physician Assistant Studies from the University of Mount Union. Schneider is a member of the American Academy of Physician Assistants, National Commission on Certification of Physician Assistants and Ohio Physician Assistants Association.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He consults and operates in Private Practice at John Flynn Private Hospital and is one of the team of specialists at Orthopaedic Clinics Gold Coast. Dr Taylor also has staff specialist appointments at Gold Coast University and Robina Public Hospitals.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He is a member of the SLUCare Physician Group. He is board certified by the American Board of Orthopedic Surgery. He is also a Professor of Orthopedic Surgery at Saint Louis University School of Medicine.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Cicilioni earned his medical degree from Thomas Jefferson University. He went on to complete his medical residency at the University of Florida College of Medicine. An community-minded physician, Dr. Cicilioni has traveled on many medical missions trips to Mexico to offer plastic surgery for children with cleft lip and palate conditions. An established member of the medical community, Dr. Cicilioni holds membership with the Florida Hospital Performance Improvement Committee, the Florida Hospital Medical Executive Committee. He is the Chairman of Florida Hospital Department of Plastic Surgery and is a member of the American Medial Association and the American Society of Plastic and Reconstructive Surgery.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He trained with Dr Guy Foucher in Strasbourg, France, at Wrightington with Prof John Stanley and in Manchester with Mr Stewart Watson. He now in turn has the pleasure and privilege of being a trainer for the Manchester ATP fellows. His interests are in joint replacement and in systemic sclerosis.He is the current chairman of the BSSH Instructional Courses in Hand Surgery. He has greatly enjoyed contributing to the development of the EBHS diploma exam, of which he is now the co chairman.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He is also a practitioner in hormone therapy, using time-released bio-identical hormone pellets to improve effects of aging that cannot be treated with cosmetic surgery, such as energy levels and psychological and physiological health. Dr. Richards also offers his knowledge on the topic to assist physicians interested in offering hormone therapy to help their patients. He is available for interview upon request.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Is currently the exploratory presidential candidate for the Green Party; many may remember her having been arrested for not being permitted attendance to an Obama-Romney debate and then later her arrest for supporting protestors \u2014 bringing food and Halloween candy \u2026", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Dr. Kjar graduated from University of Utah School of Medicine in 1978 and has been in practice for 39 years. He completed a residency at Providence Hospital. He currently practices at Premier Plastic Surgery Group and is affiliated with Lakeview Hospital. Dr. Kjar accepts multiple insurance plans including Aetna, Medicare and Cigna. In addition to English, Dr. Kjar's practice supports this language: Spanish.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Newman graduated from Duke University School of Medicine in 2013 and has been in practice for 5 years. He completed a residency at Massachusetts General Hospital. In addition to English, Dr. Newman's practice supports these languages: Spanish, Arabic, Russian, French, Korean and Italian.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He has also held professorships in the Department of Internal Medicine, Tsukuba University, and has published over 70 works about oxidative stress and renal function. Aoyagi received his doctorate in biochemistry and his medical degree at Chiba University.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " At the Texas Back Institute where he completed his fellowship, Dr. Roybal had extensive experience within all facets of spinal surgery including minimally invasive and motion sparing. As part of this training, Dr. Raphael Roybal has submitted numerous articles and publications comparing the clinical outcomes of minimally...", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She completed her higher specialist training in Mercer\u2019s Institute for Research in Ageing, Dublin and Newcastle Upon Tyne before returning to Waterford as a consultant in 2000. Since then, she has continued to develop services for older people as well as ongoing research on poly pharmacy in the Elderly, Stroke disease and Parkinson\u2019s disease. Her current dementia research is in collaboration with Professor John Nolan and Professor Stephen Beatty in Waterford Institute of Technology looking at the link between Alzheimer\u2019s disease, Age related macular degeneration, vision and nutritional supplementation.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Her areas of expertise range from raising healthy children holistically, to adult nutrition and detoxification. She has lectured to thousands in California and locally, in Arizona. Heather's passion comes through in every seminar and the audience is left wanting more. She is a doctor, a woman and a mom who talks the talk and walks the walk. Heather is passionate about women and children's health. She firmly believes in nature's wisdom and empowering parents and mothers.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He is board-certified by the State of Ohio Medical Board and the American Board of Otolaryngology. His specialty interests include head and neck cancer surgery, microvascular reconstructive surgery, thyroid and parathyroid surgery, transoral robotic surgery, benign and malignant salivary tumors and diseases (including endoscopic removal of salivary gland stones), ultrasonography for diagnosis of head and neck tumors, sinonasal tumors, and skull base surgery.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " For several years, customers have went to his practice from all through the entire Dominican Republic as well as the United States and nearby countries. He's earned a very positive reputation thanks to his expertness, working experience, and excellent results.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " As a board-certified doctor, he practices at the Dallas Plastic Surgery Institute where he specializes in performing surgery on his patient\u2019s faces, nose, eyes, breast, and body. He has been practicing medicine for several years and treats his patients using the latest available technology. He continuously takes new training courses so that he stays on top of the latest advances in his field.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " His special interest is in complex cervical spine surgery. Whenever possible, he offers minimally invasive surgical techniques, which help avoid complications and reduce patient recovery times. He also has extensive experience in nerve decompression surgery and complex spinal reconstruction.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She works with children and adults and also facilitates workshops on forgiveness. To learn more about her practice, visit http://drseemakhaneja.com. She is currently working on a book on forgiveness based on A Course in Miracles.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " His team has performed over 30,000 brain, spine and nerve surgeries in last 20 years. He is an expert in various types of neurological procedures including neurovascular surgery, brain tumors, AVM surgery, skull based surgery, spine surgery, pediatric neurosurgery and more.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " A dentistry graduate from the National University of Singapore with post-graduate work in McGill University, Canada, he has successfully created and led a private practice in Montreal.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " More than thirty years ago, when he saw the bloody red appearance of malignant tumors,he postulated that they were caused by the creation of new blood vessels within the tumors. At the time, his ideas were greeted with skepticism within the scientific community, since he did not have the research data to back him up.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He has 25 years of experience in radiosurgery and radiotherapy and has performed 3,000 radiosurgery cases during his career. He is one of America\u2019s leading experts in the treatment of brain tumors.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She completed a dual degree program with honors from the University of Pennsylvania in biomedical engineering and neural systems, and after medical school at UMDNJ-Robert Wood Johnson, completed her specialty training at New York-Presbyterian Hospital, The University Hospital of Columbia and Cornell. Dr. Bracilovic has published multiple peer reviewed papers and received numerous awards for her research in musculoskeletal medicine, including the prestigious Else Adler Award at Hospital for Special Surgery. Dr. Bracilovic serves as a reviewer for journals and is the author of the medical text Essential Dance Medicine.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He completed his higher surgical training in Oxford and also undertook a higher degree (MD) at the Institute of Urology and the Wolfson Institute for Biomedical Research at University College London.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He is currently licensed to practice medicine in Ohio. He is affiliated with Ohio State University Wexner Medical Center, James Cancer Hospital and Solove Research Institute, and Nationwide Children's Hospital. He is Associate Professor, Clinical Neurosurgery and Director, Neurosurgery Gamma Knife with the Department of Neurological Surgery, The Ohio State University.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Harris obtained his undergraduate degree from Wright State University in Dayton, Ohio, and he completed both his medical degree and orthopedic residency at Ohio State University College of Medicine in Columbus. He then completed a fellowship in sports medicine at Rush Medical Center in Chicago where he was assistant team physician for the Chicago Bulls, White Sox, and DePaul University. Dr. Harris' special interests include sports-related injuries including hip arthroscopy, patellofemoral disorders, multiligamentous knee injuries, knee joint preservation, and platelet-rich plasma (PRP).", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " As a practicing colorectal surgeon for 25 years, he has watched how recommendations for when to have elective surgery for diverticulitis seemed to swing back and forth without a lot of good data.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Few is recognized internationally for his surgical prowess and skincare innovations, including his Stackable Treatment\u2122 technique, which are all based on safe and effective results. His JF Aesthetic skincare line is formulated with medical-grade ingredients clinically shown to address specific aging skin concerns and is safe for all skin types. Dr. Few's proven industry excellence has established his place as a leader and objective voice committed to research in plastic surgery and dermatology. Watch the Dr. Few Welcome Video", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Black Jack is a master surgeon who possesses impeccable skills, enabling him to perform operations that are impossible for even the finest surgeons. He now is faced with his most difficult task to date and must challenge the limits of medical science... before it's too late! An extraordinary number of intellectual and athletic \"Superhumans\" have the world caught in awe, wonder, and excitement. These \"Superhumans\" far exceed the framework of common sense and possess the ability to outperform all of their rivals... but how did they get this way? ... more", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " His intense desire to communicate has led to the publication of multiple medical books for patient education and awareness. Looking to branch out and his urge to write about other random things of topical interest has led him to Awesome Canada. As an immigrant to Canada, his fresh perspective on both news and events comes across in all his work.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He routinely performs breast augmentations and is well versed in the various breast implant materials and procedures. He enjoys meeting with patients to help them make the best decision for their body regarding breast implants and to answer any questions they may have about the procedure or process. Selected by the Consumers\u2019 Research Council of America as one of America\u2019s Top Plastic Surgeons, Dr. Steinbrech is an excellent choice for patients who are interested in breast augmentation surgery.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She is Board Certified in Anti-Aging Medicine by the American Academy of Anti-Aging Medicine and has a Master's Degree in Physician Assistant Studies.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He has vast experience with laparoscopic colon resections, endoscopic microsurgery and reconstructive surgery for the colon. He has been board certified since 1987.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She practices in Anniston, Alabama and has the professional credentials of MD. The NPI Number for Marilyn Ann Burson is 1992791727 and she holds a License No. 11334 (Alabama).", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Christy earned an M.D. from the Medical University of South Carolina in 2008 and a master of health science degree from Johns Hopkins Bloomberg School of Public Health in 2013. Christy and her husband, Brett, live in Baltimore, Maryland.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Dr. Rouse graduated from Washington University School of Medicine in St Louis in 1986 and has been in practice for 32 years. He completed a residency at Barnes Jewish Hospital. He currently practices at Woods Mill Orthopedics Ltd and is affiliated with St Luke's Hospital. Dr. Rouse accepts multiple insurance plans including TRICARE, Medicare and Cigna.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He believes that every patient has his imagination to look in shape so he guides them the right path which suits his body. For completion of his Medical Education, he first joined Universite de Paris and worked as a Resident of Plastic Surgery at New York University which was the medium to know about his area of expertise. His certification by the American Board of Plastic Surgery is the precious certification as it confirms his presence as a certified Plastic Surgeon. Dr. Valentini is the member of the American Society of Plastic Surgeons (ASPS) and has hospital privilege at Jennie Stuart Medical Center in Hopkinsville. In his 33 years of experience, he performed every type of Plastic procedures with best results.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He renders the most comprehensive surgical care for all hip knee and sports injuries. He also specializes in non-operative orthopaedic treatments, hip and knee replacements and revision replacement surgeries. Click on the below mentioned tabs to know more about his services.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He is a graduate from the University of London\u2019s dental school that is affiliated with Guy\u2019s Hospital Medical where he finished in 1975. After completing his studies in dental surgery, Sachedina worked for many years before later engaging in other businesses in the health sector. He currently operates the Sussex Healthcare, a facility that he co-founded with Shiraz Boghani in 1985. Equally important, Sachedina also holds a senior position at the Jamati Institution, which supports the Ismaili communities under the Aga Khan Foundation.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He is one of Chicagoland\u2019s leading surgeons in the areas of Mako Robotic Total Knee Replacement and Knee Arthroscopy. Dr Daley completed a fellowship in adult reconstructive surgery at the Brigham and Women\u2019s Hospital, a teaching affiliate of Harvard Medical School. He offers a comprehensive and high quality medical care for his patients.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He practices in Bardstown, Kentucky and has the professional credentials of M.D.. The NPI Number for Dr. David Mcconda is 1962713362 and he holds a License No. 50001 (Kentucky).", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " She specializes in pediatrics and has done humanitarian aid work in Afghanistan, Pakistan, Iraq, Sudan, the West Bank, the Gaza Strip, Israel, Lebanon, Egypt and Bosnia. Reporting for this piece was done during a trip to Pakistan in November 2012.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " She is an American board-certified surgeon specializing in a variety of cosmetic procedures. She is hailed as one of the top leading surgeons in her field.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He is renowned for his expertise performing hip replacements using a new muscle-sparing technique know as the direct anterior approach. This innovative technique allows for faster patient recovery with less pain and a lower risk of dislocation.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He has specialization in performing spine surgeries for nerve decompression, disc replacement, fixation, fusion and spinal tumour surgeries. Patients from all parts of the world come to GNH Hospital for the most complex spine surgeries.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She is an Assistant Professor in the Department of Pediatrics at the University of Washington School of Medicine. She earned her MD at University of Vermont College of Medicine in Burlington, Vermont. She completed her Residency in Pediatrics at Vermont Children's Hospital, University of Vermont College of Medicine in Burlington, Vermont, and a Fellowship in Pediatric Pulmonology at Monroe Carell Jr. Children's Hospital at Vanderbilt University in Nashville, Tennessee.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Dr. Rangaswami received her medical degree from Sri Venkateswara University in Tirupati, India. She completed her family practice residency at Saint Francis Hospital. Dr. Rangaswami is a diplomat of the American Board of Family Practice.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " She focuses her care on treating disorders of the upper extremity that includes congenital hand differences, traumatic upper extremity injuries and cerebral palsy. She is... Read more", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " She practices in Apo, Armed Forces Europe and has the professional credentials of MD, MPH, FACP. The NPI Number for Dr. Julia Ann Castle is 1437392297 and she holds a License No. 36251020 (Wisconsin).", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Vincent\u2019s Catholic Medical Centers of New York. She began her career at Bellevue Hospital in Trauma and Vascular Surgery. She moved to Yale Interventional Radiology where she excelled in the placement of central venous access catheters, image guided procedures and sclerotherapy. She made the transition back to Vascular Surgery at Yale shortly before joining The Vascular Experts bringing with her years of experience and expertise in venous disease.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Suicide, accident, natural cause, and one death classified undetermined are soon crossed off this list\u2014leaving Diana to believe that only homicide remains.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She started her career in Pediatrics, and then transitioned into Dermatology which has been a passion of her\u2019s since she was in high school. She has over 4 years of experience in medical and cosmetic dermatology, and particularly enjoys pediatric dermatology. She is a sweet and caring provider who loves her patients. In her spare time, she loves to travel; her most recent trips were to Iceland and Spain! Priya also enjoys cooking, spending time with family and friends and watching Georgia Football!", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " She is the co-founder of Women in Global Health, a movement that strives to bring greater gender equity to global health leadership. She also serves as the Initiative Director for the Women Leaders in Global Health Initiative (WLGHI), hosted by Global Health Council. @roopadhatt", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " His diverse and extensive training provides the skill and knowledge for simple to complex dermatologic cancer surgeries. South Texas residents who need reconstruction after skin cancer removal choose Dr. Bindewald for his experience and comprehensive approach to reconstructive treatments.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She has been an expert in numerous healthcare legal issues for over 20 years, in the past 5 years in the areas of quality, utilization, compliance, risk management and administration.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " As a specialist who has spent his career dedicated to the hip and knee, Dr. Goyal's patients regard him as among the top hip replacement surgeons Washington, DC and Northern Virginia have available.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She is currently a team physician for the Sacramento Republic FC professional men\u2019s soccer team and has served as a physician for Olympic track-and-field athletes, professional and collegiate basketball teams, and professional dancers. Her research focuses on improving training programs and reducing injuries for ultra-marathoners, or those who choose to run beyond the 26.2 miles of a traditional marathon, often on the Earth\u2019s roughest terrain.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " His interests include the physiology of high-performance athletics. In 2013, Dr. Batley partnered with the United States Olympic Committee to implement an innovative program helping athletes prepare for the 2016 Olympic Games in Rio. The athletes with whom he has worked represent more than 10 countries, and together have earned more than 30 Olympic and 50 World Championship medals.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She is board certified in internal medicine and pediatrics. She is also involved with helping to train Internal medicine \u2013 Pediatrics residents from the University of Minnesota. Christina earned her bachelor\u2019s degree from St Olaf College and medical degree from the University of Minnesota Medical School. She completed her residencies in internal medicine and pediatrics at the University of Minnesota. She has enjoyed being a director on the Cornerstone Board since 2013.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Dr. Winell graduated from State University of New York Downstate Medical Center College of Medicine in 1957 and has been in practice for 56 years. He completed a residency at New York Presbyterian Hospital. He currently practices at Marvin Winell MD and is affiliated with JFK Medical Center. Dr. Winell accepts multiple insurance plans including QualCare, Medicare and Cigna.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Jonov The american academy of cosmetic surgery conference 2017 celeb gone wrong pictures Stella Center for Facial Plastic Surgery. Mr Hamid Tehrani is a Consultant Plastic Reconstructive and Mohs surgeon who specialises in a reputation as a leading authority in basal cell carcinoma surgery. PHONE: Rocky Mount NC 27804. The Aesthetic Vascular Associates LLC is located at The Plastic Surgery Center in Shrewsbury NJ. Chicago plastic surgeon Highland Park and eyelid lifts as seen on tv tijuana the North Shore.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He is a facial specialist and does not treat any area of the body other than the face. This degree of specialization means he is always abreast of the latest advancements and on the cutting edge of facial plastic surgery. And it allows him the experience to achieve the best results for each patient no matter the facial shape, features, and type of skin.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He earned his medical degree at Indiana University Medical School, and is extensively trained in breast surgery. Dr. Hankins also formerly served as the Chief of Plastic Surgery at Sunrise Hospital and Medical Center. He is available for interview upon request.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He has clinical interests in sports medicine, total joint replacements, spinal surgery, shoulder, hip, and knee problems, and adult and pediatric fractures. Dr. Schueller is fellowship-trained in spinal surgery, with extensive experience in minimally invasive techniques, as well as a practitioner of kyphoplasty, where fractured vertebra are restored using injected bone filler material.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He has extensive experience in joint replacement of the hip and knee and arthroscopy. Drawn to medicine by his fascination with how the body works, Dr. Cohen chose orthopedics as a specialty because it allows him to produce concrete results that significantly improve patients\u2019 lives. In many cases he takes a conservative (non-surgical) approach to make patients better. He is vice chairman of the Department of Surgery and Chief of Orthopaedic Surgery at Weiss Memorial Hospital in Chicago. He is an [...]", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She has a 3.5 out of 5 star average patient rating. Dr. Halabuk is an in-network provider for Medicare insurance. She studied medicine at East Carolina University, The Brody School of Medicine.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Together, with the incredible staff at Plastic Surgery of Palm Beach, he offers advanced plastic surgery procedures to the men and women residing in the communities of West Palm Beach, Wellington Jupiter and surrounding areas.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She is certified by the Arab and Saudi Boards of Family Medicine. Prior to joining the Department of General Practice's Clinical Postgraduate Fellowship Program in May 2016, she worked at the Armed Forces hospital in Dhahran as a family physician dealing with chronic disease mangment. Dr Almousa\u2019s interest in diabetes fellowship program came from the fact that Saudi Arabia is considered to have one of the highest prevalence of diabetes mellitus worldwide.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Dr. Taghizadeh practices with Research Orthopedic and Reconstructive Specialists and is affiliated with Research Medical Center. His clinical interests include orthopedic trauma and reconstructive orthopedic surgery. Dr. Taghizadeh earned his medical degree from the University of Kansas and completed his residency at the University of Texas Southwestern.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He sees patients at Bothwell Orthopedics & Sports Medicine in Sedalia, Missouri. Dr. Kiburz\u2019s former private practice with Ryan Kelly Edwards, MD, was named West Central Missouri Orthopaedic Surgical Services, PC, and has been affiliated with Bothwell Regional Health Center since 1986.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Wallace graduated from University of Alabama School of Medicine in 1982 and has been in practice for 36 years. He completed a residency at University of South Alabama Health System. He currently practices at Surgical Specialist and is affiliated with DCH Regional Medical Center. Dr. Wallace accepts multiple insurance plans including Aetna, Blue Cross Blue Shield of Alabama and Medicare.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He is MD from the Chicago Medical School and a Resident of General Surgery from Presence Saint Joseph Hospital. He also worked as a fellow of Plastic and Reconstructive Surgery from Long Island Plastic Surgical Group. Dr. Azizi has hospital affiliations at Saint Joseph Hospital, Saint Francis Hospital and Resurrection Medical Center.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She has founded a free medical clinic in a homeless shelter, accompanied three medical mission teams to Honduras, and led a non-profit clinic for the uninsured in its growth from a 4-hour per week all-volunteer operation to a full-time, full-service medical center. Motivated by her compassionate heart she has put her spiritual beliefs into action by being of service to others in need and by developing \u201cCreative Healing,\u201d an initiative to integrate spirituality into traditional medical practice. She has twice testified at Senate briefings on the cutting edge model of integrated medical care, combining physical and behavioral health, which she helped create and implement in her clinic.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " She graduated from University of Southern California Los Angeles in 1983 and specializes in physician assistant (pa) and family medicine.Read her story", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " She practices in Anchorage, Alaska and has the professional credentials of M.D.. The NPI Number for Mrs. Susanne E. Fix is 1497866578 and she holds a License No. 6750 (Alaska).", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He also holds long-term appointments at several local hospitals, including Gulf Coast Medical Center and Northwest Florida Surgery Center. Dr. Kelley is now an active staff member at Jackson Hospital in Marianna, FL.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " After graduating from Montana State University, she worked as a contract chemist for the U.S. Department of Energy. She earned her physician assistant degree at Idaho State University in 1998 and returned to Bozeman to work in internal medicine. Izbicki is certified as a physician assistant.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He also is the Director of Functional Neurosurgery and associate professor of Neurological Surgery in the Department of Neurological Surgery at Northwestern University Feinberg School of Medicine.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Certified by the American Board of Opthalmology, he is the resident of Ophthalmology Moran Eye Center and worked as a fellow of Oculofacial Plastic Surgery at Center for Facial Appearances. Dr. Georgescu is the member of American Society of Ophthalmic Plastic and Reconstructive Surgery.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He routinely performs the most up-to-date surgical procedures. He has specific interest in arthroscopic reconstruction of the shoulder and knee, including ligament repair and reconstruction, cartilage repair and restoration, rotator cuff repair and shoulder stabilization, and joint replacement of the knee and shoulder. Additionally, he is well adept at both conservative and operative treatments of numerous sports injuries. He has served as a team physician at the high school, collegiate, and professional levels. Dr. Ellis\u2019 goal is to treat each patient as thoughtfully as he would treat his own family member. He feels strongly that communication and patient education are critically important to excellent medical care.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He currently serves as the Chief of Medical Staff at Divine Savior Healthcare and is President on the Board of Directors for the Wisconsin Orthopaedic Society.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Sebastian takes on the appearance of a tall, handsome adult with black hair, red eyes, and pale skin. He typically dresses in a butler's outfit, which consists of black trousers, a. Soul Eater is a shonen casino near hartbeespoort dam by Atsushi Ohkubo which has been regularly serialized in Monthly Shonen Gangan since 2004.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He writes commentaries, analyses and opinions pertaining to Ethiopian social, political and economic affairs. He can be reached at servezking@gmail.com www.facebook.com/servezking www.twitter.com/Mengistu2013", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He is the Chairman and founder of the Weill Cornell Brain and Spine Center, the leading neuroscience patient care center in New York City. In 2010 Dr. Stieg launched the Weill Cornell Surgical Innovations Lab, the first global multimedia neurosurgical teaching facility in the world.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Treating adults, adolescents and children, Dr. Skjong sees many patients with sports-related injuries to the hand, wrist, arm or elbow. Among his specialties are microvascular surgery and small joint replacement. He also treats patients with carpel tunnel syndrome and Dupuytren\u2019s Contracture. A native of Minnesota, Dr. Skjong earned his bachelor of arts in biology at Carleton College before moving to Chicago to study at University of Chicago Pritzker School of Medicine. He completed his residency in orthopedic surgery at University of Chicago Medical Center and his fellowship training in hand and upper extremity surgery at Brown University\u2019s Warren Alpert Medical School in Providence, [...]", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He also worked as Vice Chairman of Surgery in Creighton University School of Medicine,(2016-2017), USA and also Founding Member & President Trauma Response and Transfer, LLC. His research interests lie in the area of Trauma-Burn-Critical Care & Emergency Surgery. He published various research papers in several disciplines and also had his share of chapters in various monographs. Bradley J. Phillips is 48 years old, lives in Cape Canaveral, FL.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She received her bachelor of arts from Goshen College in Goshen, IN, and her master of physician assistant studies from Chatham University in Pittsburgh, PA. She has practiced both in an academic setting at the University of Pittsburgh Medical Center and within the private sector.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " His Triangles Model\u00a9 became the cornerstone for PNI instruction and intervention. A significant proportion of these interventions reflect traditional Buddhist principles. He is consulted widely, both by private and corporate individuals, in the implementation of wellness and performance-enhancing strategies. His book Leading with Conscious Awareness. A narrative of Personal insights - Conscious Companies South Africa - was published in March.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He has been doing robotic assisted procedures on the knee and hip for five years involving hundreds of cases, and has also been involved in clinical research, application development and surgeon training.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Chan Chi Chin practices at Chan Plastic & Cosmetic Surgery in Orchard, Singapore. He completed MBBS from University Of Singapore in 1970,M Med (Gen Surg) from National University of Singapore, Singapore in 1974 and FRCS - General Surgery from Royal College Of Surgeon Of Edinburgh, Uk in 1974. Some of the services provided by the doctor are: Tattoo Removal,Liposuction,Fat Injection,Wart Removal and Botox Injections etc.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Known for his skill, compassion and dedication to patient-centered care, Dr. Savalia works closely with each patient to develop an individualized plan to achieve their cosmetic goals..Diplomate of the American Board of Surgery Diplomate of the American Board of Plastic Surgery.Orange County Society of Plastic Surgeons American Society of Plastic Surgeons", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He also serves as the head team physician to the U.S. Snowboard Team, assistant team physician to the Colorado Rockies and medical adviser to the Major League Baseball Alumni Association.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " His clinical interests include anterior cruciate ligament (ACL) surgery, arthroscopy, cartilage and ligament reconstruction, hip scope and meniscus repair surgery.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She completed a Bachelor of Science degree in Biology at Indiana University in 2006. She also received a Bachelor\u2019s degree in Health Sciences in 2009 and a Master\u2019s degree in Physician Assistant Studies in 2010 from Butler University in Indianapolis. Tara serves as a sub-investigator for clinical research trials at JWM Neurology.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Yet he found out firsthand that the hip he requested to be put in his body was defective in its design. He then worked for years to bring attention to the harm that the metal-on-metal hip from Johnson & Johnson was causing.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " In her previous role as a Senior Physician Assistant at South Shore Medical Care in New York, she was acknowledged for consistently exceeding quality, time, and service standards.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " She graduated from USC School of Medicine and did her residency training at Cedars Sinai Medical Center. During medical school, Dr. Collins won the prestigious ARCS (Achievement Reward for College Scientists) Scholarship and graduated as a Dean's Scholar.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Michael's Hospital in Toronto. His diverse clinical practice includes the care of patients with serious persistent mental illness and HIV. He is actively involved in several projects aimed at increasing collaboration between family medicine and psychiatry in service delivery and trainee education. His teaching has been recognized by awards at the clerkship, residency and faculty development levels. He has held multiple educational leadership roles from organizing clerkship electives to being postgraduate education program site director at St. Michael's from 2007-2013. He is currently Program Director for the MScCH in Health Practitioner Teacher Education, Medical Education Fellowship and Clinical Teacher Certificate programs in the Department of Family and Community Medicine at the University of Toronto.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " During his way back he gets bitten by a mysterious vampire. After awakening he discovers that he himself became a nocturnal blood drinker, a damned creature and fear of the night - a vampire. This is where the game starts - Jonathan Reid tries to understand what exactly have happened, who has turned him into a vampire and who stands behind the Spanish flu pandemic.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " But he isn't just a talented surgeon, he's a talented singer too! Recently, he was in between spine trauma surgery cases and decided to relieve some stress so he could focus on the next surgery, and he did it in the most beautiful way.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Rhodes graduated from Autonomous University of Guadalajara Faculty of Medicine in 1977 and has been in practice for 41 years. He completed a residency at Li Jewish Medical Center. Dr. Rhodes also specializes in Surgery. He currently practices at Atlantic Orthopaedics and is affiliated with Halifax Medical Center. Dr. Rhodes accepts multiple insurance plans including Aetna, Medicare and Humana. In addition to English, Dr. Rhodes's practice supports this language: Spanish.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " From his exclusive Beverly Hills practice, Dr. Steinbrech has performed thousands of plastic surgeries for men of all ages. Dr. Steinbrech is consistently rated among the top plastic surgeons in the country.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He is fully trained and accredited with the Australian Orthopaedic Association, The Royal Australasian College of Surgeons, and The Shoulder and Elbow Society of Australia.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She worked at Prince Mansour Armed Forces Hospital prior to joining the Department of General Practice. She joined the department in September 2016 as a Geriatric Fellow. Dr Obaidallah is excited to embark on this change in her career and is enjoying her new life in Melbourne. She is cherishing every moment of this experience both on a professional and personal level. She has big plans for her elderly patients when she gets back home.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " She practices in Concord, New Hampshire and has the professional credentials of M.D.. The NPI Number for Donna Darlene Adams is 1770592297 and she holds a License No. 15276 (New Hampshire).", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He uses the best surgical approach to diagnose and treat primary and recurrent ventral hernias including inguinal, femoral, epigastric, spigelian and incisional. In addition, he is also qualified to treat mesh infections and carry out complex abdominal wall reconstruction.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Savalia works closely with each patient to develop an individualized plan of treatment. Preferring a light-handed approach that leaves patients looking visibly rejuvenated, not surgically enhanced, Dr. Savalia strives to help each patient achieve a timeless, ageless beauty that is as unique as the individual. His skill and experience also encompasses natural-looking breast enhancements, advanced techniques in body contouring, and an array of specialized treatments such as fat transfer and hair transplants.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Aycock performs various procedures such as facelifts, breast lifts, breast augmentations, liposuction, and more. Please contact his office to day to set up an appointment.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He performs spinal surgery for those who have damaged their spines, such as a slipped disc, or were born with a spinal deformity. While Dr. Greg Finch is skilled at all types of spinal surgery he specializes in minimally invasive spinal surgery.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She has a background in public health and women's health, and obtained a Master of Public Health degree from the University of Northern Colorado prior to attending medical school at the University of Arizona - Phoenix. This is her 6th Defcon attendance over the past decade, and she is thrilled to have witnessed the development and expansion of the Biohacking Village. Her current interests include reproductive health technology, women's health policy, running, and vampire erotica", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Since 1988 he has led a team of researchers that have exposed thousands of laboratory rats to microwave radiation from various sources. They found that the radiation damaged the blood-brain barrier even when the exposure level is reduced a thousandfold. Additionally, in other experiments in Salford\u2019s laboratory, long term exposure of rats to radiofrequency caused memory impairment and genetic damage.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Carl Frank. She joined Austin Gastroenterology in March 2011, after working as a PA in Houston for nine years. Dawn has worked as a physician assistant in gastroenterology since receiving her master's degree as a PA from Baylor College of Medicine in 2001.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He underwent further training at the National Cancer Center Hospital in Tokyo on a Ministry of Health Fellowship in Upper Gastrointestinal Cancer Surgery and also spent a year working in the Royal Infirmary of Edinburgh, United Kingdom, as an honorary consultant in upper gastrointestinal surgery. Other training awards he received include a TTSH Scholarship in Advanced Laparoscopic Surgery at the Mount Sinai Medical Centre, New York, and an International Cancer Fellowship from the Union Internationale Contre le Cancer for the Treatment of Peritoneal Cancer at the Washington Cancer Institute in Washington DC.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He is hoping the new theatre will increase the numbers of keyhole cases that can be carried out for patients with bowel cancer. He has never climbed any of the three peaks and is looking for ways to keep in shape.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She practices in Anchorage, Alaska and has the professional credentials of MD. The NPI Number for Sharon M Tobias is 1043209315 and she holds a License No. 3278 (Alaska).", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Dr Tavakoli is a fully qualified Australian trained Plastic Surgeon specialising in Cosmetic Surgery of the Face, Breast & Body. He is a member of the Australian Society of Plastic Surgeons and Australian Society of Aesthetic Plastic Surgeons. Dr Tavakoli Suite 1, Level 1, 376 New South Head Rd Double Bay NSW 2028 Australia Phone: 1300 368 107", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Jerman graduated from Indiana University School of Medicine in 1997 and has been in practice for 20 years. He completed a residency at Indiana University School of Medicine. He currently practices at Central Indiana Orthopedics PC and is affiliated with St Vincent Anderson Regional Hospital. Dr. Jerman accepts multiple insurance plans including Aetna, SIHO Insurance Services and Indiana University. Dr. Jerman also practices at Central Indiana Orthopedics PC in Muncie, IN.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He is a Senior Consultant Surgeon at the Mater Public Hospital and is in private practice at the Brisbane Orthopaedic and Sports Medicine Centre. He is a Clinical Associate Professor at the University of Queensland.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He earned lifetime certification by the American Board of Ophthalmology. Included in the menu of services he offers are QuickLift Mini-Facelift, Blepharoplasty (aka eyelid lift), laser facial skin rejuvenation, and 3D facial fat grafting in addition to other procedures.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Honored by national media as a \u201cTop Doctor\u201d and a member of America\u2019s prime Plastic Surgeons, Dr. Gutowski\u2019s stellar name and continued coaching have made him a preferred surgeon among Chicago area patients seeking cosmetic enhancements.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She earned Bachelor of Science degrees in both Biology and Chemistry from Metropolitan State College in Denver. Dean obtained her Master of Medical Science degree in physician assistant studies at Midwestern University.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " His expertise is in the treatment of morbid obesity, malignant and benign conditions of the gastrointestinal tract, gallbladder disease, soft tissue masses, and abdominal wall and groin hernias.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He is certified by the American Board of Plastic Surgery, a fellow of the American College of Surgeons and a member of the American Society of Plastic Surgeons.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He has been recognized as one of Washington, DC\u2019s best cosmetic surgeons by The Washingtonian since 1999, and he consistently works to improve upon his skills through continuing medical education (CME). He is a graduate of Yale University and received his medical degree from the University of Maryland\u2019s School of Medicine. Dr. Richards is available for interview upon request.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " For his medical school, he joined University of Alabama School of Medicine and worked as a Resident of General Surgery from the same University. He also got the privilege to work as a fellow of Plastic Surgery at the University of Virginia Health System. Certified by the American Board of Plastic Surgery, Dr. Martin has hospital affiliations at Flowers Hospital.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He treats a wide range of general neurosurgical conditions, and he sub-specialises in spine surgery and children\u2019s neurosurgery. As a pediatric neurosurgeon, Dr Rajendra treats young patients with head injuries, hydrocephalus, brain tumours and spinal problems.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He is certified in a few disciplines but his main method of working is through dermal fillers and thread lifts for non-surgical facelift results. Dr Wong is also a local and regional trainer on how to work with fillers for brands like Ellanse, Radiesse, Dysport and others.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " She has been treating adults, teenagers, and children for chronic health issues since 2007. She will talk about the Mediterranean diet and blood sugar control.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Dr. Reiley co-founded Kyphon based on his invention of the Kyphon balloon device to treat fractured vertebrae. Reiley sold Kyphon to Medtronic in 2007. He then founded INBONE Technologies, Inc. in 2008, serving as its Chief Medical Officer. Among other inventions, Dr. Reiley also designed the first and only Total Ankle Replacement (TAR) to use intramedullary guidance. He is also the inventor of the triangular fusion rod and Co-founder of SI-Bone. Dr. Reiley is an international speaker and published author of several books and articles, as well as the winner of the 2008 Phoenix Lifetime Achievement Award in Medicine. AxioMed is honored to have Dr. Reiley lead a discussion on how to achieve total segmental restoration in spine.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She completed her education and training at Acupuncture and Massage College in Miami, FL where she earned a Bachelor of Health Science and a Masters Degree of Oriental Medicine. Her studies included specialized training in Acupuncture, Chinese Herbal Medicine, Moxibustion / Heat Therapy, Cupping Therapy, Asian Body Work, Electro-Acupuncture, Weight Management and Nutritional Therapy. \u200bAfter her three-year internship in the United States, Nicole furthered her education and pursued additional training at the Shu Guang Hospital in Shanghai, China in the departments of Acupuncture, Gynecology, Internal Medicine and Tui Na (Chinese Medical Massage).", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " She focuses her care on fracture care, lower extremity deformities, clubfoot, skeletal dysplasia and gait disturbances. She is involved with patient care during all aspects of... Read more", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Dr. Haws received her medical degree from the Southern Illinois University School of Medicine in 1991, where she met her future partner, Dr. Mary Gingrass.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " People who wish to change and enhance the appearances of their rear ends frequently are drawn to Dr. Mofid\u2019s talents. Dr. Mofid is a professional who puts patient safety above all else. Some people have questions that involve gluteal augmentation and safety matters. Dr. Mofid wants to communicate to them that they don\u2019t need to worry in any way. He stresses the fact that he relies exclusively on implants that are intramuscular. He makes it clear that he doesn\u2019t succumb to patients who have out outlandish requests. It isn\u2019t unheard of for patients to try to coerce doctors into giving them implants that are immoderately big.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Jamison graduated from University of Texas Medical Branch School of Medicine in 1981 and has been in practice for 36 years. He completed a residency at University of Texas Health System. He currently practices at Southwest Orthopedics & Sports Medicine and is affiliated with Methodist Charlton Medical Center. Dr. Jamison accepts multiple insurance plans including Aetna, Medicare and Humana. In addition to English, Dr. Jamison's practice supports this language: Spanish.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Double board-certified by the American Board of Orthopaedic Surgery in both Orthopedic Surgery and Orthopedic Sports Medicine, Dr. Ilahi has numerous research papers and scientific presentations to his credit and has also authored chapters in Orthopedic and Sports Medicine text books. His success in quickly returning injured athletes to their sports has led to Dr. Ilahi being featured in broadcast television news and radio interviews since he began practicing in the Houston area in 1995. He has been an invited speaker at medical meetings, both domestic and international, and has been repeatedly rated a top orthopedic doctor.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He received his medical degree from University of Palermo, Italy and completed his residency at the University of Cincinnati. He has been in practice for more than 20 years and is part of the surgical group, Lynch, Puccia, and Leuking.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She works closely with Dr. Jones in the clinic, inpatient setting, and operating room to provide quality, personal patient care. She also works in the Baptist Wound Healing and Hyperbaric Medicine Clinic. She received her Bachelor of Science in Clinical Laboratory Science from University of Southern Mississippi. She earned her Master of Science in Medicine from Mississippi College Physician Assistant program in 2015. She is certified by the National Commission for Certification of Physician Assistants. She is a member of the American Academy of Physician Assistants, Mississippi Academy of Physician Assistants, and Undersea and Hyperbaric Medical Society. She enjoys medical relief work in Haiti.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " She received her undergraduate degree in Athletic Training from North Central College in Naperville, IL and Certified Nursing Assistance from College of DuPage. Caitlin then received her master of physician assistant studies at Rosalind Franklin University of Medicine and Science, an NCCPA accredited program in North Chicago, IL. It was during her work as a certified athletic trainer, CNA, and physical therapy technician that her passion for orthopedics developed and she electively chose to focus on orthopaedic surgery during her studies.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Dr. Sproat graduated from Oregon Health & Science University School of Medicine in 1972 and has been in practice for 46 years. He completed a residency at UCLA Medical Center. He currently practices at St. Charles Prineville Hospital Medicine and is affiliated with St Charles Medical Center Redmond. Dr. Sproat accepts multiple insurance plans including Aetna, Regence Health Plans and Medicare. Dr. Sproat also practices at Saint Charles Family Care Clinics in Madras, OR.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Farley graduated from University of Arizona College of Medicine in 2007 and has been in practice for 10 years. He completed a residency at University of Cincinnati Medical Center. He currently practices at Rock Creek Neurosurgery and is affiliated with Mountain View Hospital and Timpanogos Regional Hospital. Dr. Farley also practices at Rock Creek Neurosurgery in American Fork, UT.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. McGraw graduated from University of Michigan Medical School in 1985 and has been in practice for 32 years. He completed a residency at University Hospital. Dr. McGraw also specializes in Adult Reconstructive Orthopedic Surgery. He currently practices at Great Lakes Orthopaedic Center and is affiliated with Munson Medical Center. Dr. McGraw accepts multiple insurance plans including Aetna, Blue Cross Blue Shield of Michigan and Medicare.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Since receiving her medical degree from Loyola Stritch School of Medicine in 1984, she has achieved Board Certification in the areas of Internal Medicine, Pediatrics and Psychiatry. Today, Dr. Hunt maintains a practice in Child/Adolescent and Adult Psychiatry, and also serves as President of the Fresno Guild of the Catholic Medical Association. Dr. Hunt has served bishops, priests and seminarians in various capacities, most recently as both psychiatric consultant to the Diocese of Fresno and Adjunct Faculty Member at St. Patrick's Seminary in Menlo Park, California and the Pope Leo XIII Institute. An accomplished pianist and Lay Carmelite for over 20 years, Dr. Hunt lives with her husband and family in Monterey, California.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He has broad interests in laparoscopic colon surgery, colon and rectal cancer, diverticular disease, inflammatory bowel disease and anorectal conditions. Dr. Isho offers the Bascom procedure to treat pilonidal disease, as well as providing colorectal screenings. He welcomes new patients.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Her interesting background was highlighted earlier on this site and can be reviewed at: www.drdonar.com Dr Donar discusses herbs and supplements that can be used to reduce the side effects of chemotherapy and radiation, and also to prevent and increase the probability of recovery from cancer.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Heart surgery is expensive. Many of his patients, from poor families, cannot afford the cost of treatment. So Dr.Mani decided to try and help sponsor the operations... by funding it through donations and a share of profits from his Internet infopreneur business. This was the simple concept behind an online adventure that started in 1996. Thirteen years later, Dr.Mani's team has funded and performed heart surgery in 47 children, with many more to follow. He's well on his way to achieve an ambitious mission: to make high quality heart health care accessible and affordable to every Indian child.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " This year she combined her abiding interests in the written, spoken, and sung word and, taking advantage of a municipal law for cultural incentive (widely utilized by independent artists in Curitiba), produced Artigo Oitavo, a handsome poetry book with a bundled CD in which selected poems were recorded\u0097some read, some sung, but all with musical accompaniment\u0097by a team of top musicians, singers, and actors.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He practiced at Wichita in Kansas. For his medical education, he joined Saint Louis University School of Medicine to learn the basics of Plastic Surgery. He also joined Providence Hospital and Medical Centers as a Resident of Plastic Surgery to gain the knowledge of types of Plastic Procedures. His certification by The American Board of Otolaryngology and American Board of Plastic Surgery is the reason for his prolonged work in the field of Plastic Surgery and Otolaryngology. Membership and Hospital affiliations authenticate his excellence and humbleness towards his patients. He is the member of American Society for Aesthetic Plastic Surgery (ASAPS) and American Society of Plastic Surgeons (ASPS) with hospital affiliations at Kansas Medical Center, Kansas Surgery and Recovery Center and in the hospitals which care his patients.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Originating from the Twin Cities, Dr. Grande attended the University of Minnesota Medical School before completing his neurosurgical training at the Mayfield Clinic and University of Cincinnati. As Director of Earl Grande Stroke and Stem Cell Laboratory at the University of Minnesota, Dr. Grande focuses on bringing stem cell therapies for stroke out of the laboratory and to the patients who need them.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " His specialties include facial rejuvenation, rhinoplasty, breast enhancement, and body transformation after weight loss. Women and men visit him from Albany, Clifton Park, Schenectady, Troy, Saratoga Springs, and Syracuse.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She was invited by Dr. Rogers to join the clinic in 2007 and has an extensive background in exercise and respiratory therapy, both of which affect overweight and obese patients. She earned a Bachelor of Science in Health and Human Performance with an emphasis in Exercise Science from Iowa State University. Prior to attending PA school at Midwestern University, she was a critical care respiratory therapist in the Dallas, Texas area. She has extensive patient care experience in ICU and Emergency Room environments, and was awarded the Baylor Hospital Garland Five Star Employee Award in 2001. She is a member of American Academy of Physician Assistants, Texas Academy of Physician Assistants and Bexar Country Physician Assistant Society.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Dr. Pour graduated from Iran University of Medical Sciences in 1959 and has been in practice for 58 years. He currently practices at Masoud Pour MD and is affiliated with Doctors Community Hospital, Laurel Regional Hospital and Prince George's Hospital Center. Dr. Pour accepts multiple insurance plans including Aetna, Medicare and Humana.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He has three-years of extensive experience of working as a Consultant (Assistant Professor) in an 1100 bedded multi specialty medical college hospital with 120 orthopaedic beds. During that period he had an independent OPD and an independent OT and was dealing with all kinds of orthopaedic trauma (neglected and fresh), cold orthopaedics including infectious and degenerative diseases and developmental disorders.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She practices in Salt Lake City, Utah and has the professional credentials of MD. The NPI Number for Aga Julia Lewelt is 1013120294 and she holds a License No. D0065555 (Maryland).", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He is a member of American Academy of Facial Plastic & Reconstructive Surgery, American Board of Surgery, American Society for Aesthetic Plastic Surgery", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She grew up primarily in San Diego and Virginia. Her father was in the military so she was able to travel a bit as a child. Her favorite place to live was Okinawa, Japan. She has been working with children since her childhood. Erin and her sister Amy were a two-woman team babysitting all the kids in the neighborhood. In the summers she worked as a lifeguard and taught swim lessons for many years. Erin still keeps in touch with several families whose kids she taught to swim over 20 years ago.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Dr. Go is a fellow of the American Academy of Orthopaedic Surgeons, and a member of the American College of Sports Medicine and the American Orthopaedic Foot & Ankle Society. Dr. Go served as an operating room nurse for five years prior to earning his medical degree from the University of Arkansas College of Medicine. He completed his residency at the University of Texas Health Science Center at San Antonio.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Purcell graduated from Pennsylvania State University Hershey College of Medicine in 1978 and has been in practice for 39 years. He completed a residency at Texas Heart Institute. Dr. Purcell also specializes in Vascular Surgery. He currently practices at Roland R Purcell MD FACS & Sherill Purcell MD and is affiliated with Kingsbrook Jewish Medical Center. Dr. Purcell accepts multiple insurance plans including Aetna, MVP Health Plan and Medicare. Dr. Purcell also practices at Interfaith Medical Center in Brooklyn, NY.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She is an active supporter of yoga therapy and seeks to promote it and bring it into modern medicine. She is a certified as a yoga instructor by SVYASA. She is actively involved in community activities in The Woodlands.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " His research focuses on urine metabolomic profiles of healthy newborns and children with urinary tract dilatations. This PhD thesis is a collaboration between the Hospices Civils de Lyon and the Institute for Analytical Sciences, under the supervision of Dr B\u00e9n\u00e9dicte Elena-Herrmann and Pr Pierre-Yves Mure.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He is a member of the American Society of Plastic Surgeons and a Fellow of the American College of Surgeons. He is also fully trained in general surgery. Dr. Samimi was the chief of the division of plastic surgery at the University of Arizona prior to relocating his practice to San Diego. He uses this experience gained in treating complex problems to provide every patient the best care possible.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He completed a residency at Medical University of South Carolina. Dr. Cannova also specializes in Surgery. He currently practices at Associated Plastic Surgeons and is affiliated with Menorah Medical Center, Children's Mercy Hospital & Clinics and Children's Mercy Hospital South. Dr. Cannova accepts multiple insurance plans including Aetna, Medicare and Cigna.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Earning a medical degree through the University of Michigan Medical School, he specializes in plastic surgery including reconstructive and aesthetic surgery. He works to craft solutions for individual needs that include both non-invasive as well as surgical solutions.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Ms. Richa Magan's NPI Number is #1114309788 and has been listed in the NPI registry for 3 years. Ms. Richa Magan's practice location is listed as: 277 Pleasant St Suite 202 Fall River, MA 02721-3005 and can be reached via phone at (508) 235-0481.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Prior to joining the Edwards\u2019 administration, Gee served as the Medicaid Medical Director for the state of Louisiana and as an Assistant Professor of Health Policy and Management in Obstetrics and Gynecology at Louisiana State University. Since moving to Louisiana in 2009, she served as the medical director for the maternity program of Title V, the state\u2019s maternal health federal block grant program. In 2010, Dr. Gee was named Director of the Birth Outcomes Initiative, an Assistant Secretary level position in Louisiana\u2019s Department of Health and Hospitals aimed at improving the health of Louisiana\u2019s women and children.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He has developed and refined a minimally invasive surgical treatment with proven results. The cyst is a nerve and cannot be removed. Instead, Dr. Feigenbaum opens, explores and treats each cyst under an operating microscope.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She practices in Concord, Massachusetts and has the professional credentials of M.D.. The NPI Number for Elizabeth M Peters is 1396783676 and she holds a License No. 151552 (Massachusetts).", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " When shopping for a payment processing provider that could accommodate both her concierge model as well as her associate\u2019s fee-for-service model, PayJunction stood out as a provider that could integrate both practice models. Along with maintaining its versatility, Dr. Hrach\u2019s practice gained a wealth of payment features that boosted efficiency for her office manager, Jeneva Escalera, and gave her better insights into her business\u2019s development.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " She was president of her Physician Assistant class as well as her Exercise Science class at the University of South Florida, where she received a Bachelor of Science. Shadin has been working in spine and orthopedic surgery since 2015 and has a strong passion for spine care.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Dr. Bradshaw has a private practice in Yucaipa, California, and is affiliated with Redlands Yucaipa Medical Group where she serves as a founding board member and officer for the independent physician association.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Comfort, precision, thoroughness, and a true sense of what is aesthetic, all comprise the palette of skills that enable Dr. Z to deliver customized patient care. Specializing in Aesthetic Dermatology, Dr. \u201cZ\u201d and her \u201cZ\u201d Team are dedicated to helping every woman and man look and feel their very best. She understands the health issues and emotional pain that comes with dermatological problems, because she grew up with less than desirable skin. She has made it her life\u2019s work to help others avoid or overcome similar experiences.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Over the last seven years, he has been pioneering a remarkable intervention for dogs with missing legs, giving them prosthetic limbs that are permanently attached to their bodies. The procedure is called a transdermal osseointegration.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She received her M.D. from the University of Chicago Pritzker School of Medicine, completed her internship and residency in Internal Medicine from Loyola University of Chicago, and did her fellowship in Infectious Diseases from Loyola University of Chicago and the University of Illinois at Chicago.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " She holds an MD as well as masters degrees in public policy and public health. She blogs at www.ashbywolfe.com and is a guest blogger for calhealthreport.org on issues of family medicine and community health. Her opinions are her own and do not necessarily represent the views of UC Davis or calhealthreport.org", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " But she began her career as a dental hygienist after graduating from the University of Texas Dental School in 1988. She was appointed to the Texas State Board of Dental Examiners by the governor and served two terms.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He is also an accomplished artist with a specific interest in Leonardo Da Vinci\u2019s drawings of the heart. Mr Wells is a recognized world leader in the field of mitral and tricuspid valve surgery. He has the largest experience in mitral valve reconstruction in the United Kingdom and among the largest in the world, with over 3,000 cases completed. He achieves a near 100% repair rate for fixing leaking mitral valves with mortality at less than 1.0% for first time procedures", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Originally members of a Conservative temple in North Hollywood, he and his wife were first introduced to Chabad in the mid-1970s. At one point, still in the beginning of his career, he was stepping on an unstable stool when he slipped and injured his eye. The prognosis wasn\u2019t good, and he decided to ask the Rebbe for advice. He did, in fact, get an answer from the Rebbe, but it had no apparent connection to the injury of his eye. (1982)", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " After graduating in medicine and, subsequently, in dental sciences at the Catholic University of Louvain (Belgium), he also trained extensively abroad in Freiburg, Germany, and with Professor Ivo Pitanguy in Rio de Janeiro. Following a further three years training with Professor Olivari in Wesseling, Germany, he then devoted himself to private practice at his \u201cAesthetic Surgery Clinic \u201c in Brusselles.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " It\u2019s helped countless veterans. But in 1999, Munjed was ordered to cut off the ears of people fleeing the army in Baghdad when he was a junior doctor and Saddam Hussein was president.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She holds a Bachelor\u2019s Degree in Homoeopathic Medicine from Fr. Muller Homoeopathic Medical College, Managlore. A disciple of renowned Homoeopathic Physician Dr. S.K. Tiwari and has very good exposure in Homoeopathic Medication.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " She currently attends on the nephrology consult service at BIDMC and has an outpatient renal clinic where she works with medical students, residents, and fellows. With her background in engineering and medicine, she hopes to help bridge the gap between data scientists and clinicians to answer innovative questions. Her current research interests include studying acute kidney injury as well as using echocardiography to determine effects of cardiac dysfunction on outcomes.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " She practices in Tucson, Arizona and has the professional credentials of MD. The NPI Number for Shelli Hanks is 1225201395 and she holds a License No. 32019 (Arizona).", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He has particular interest in pediatric orthopaedics, fracture treatment, and problems associated with orthopaedic trauma. He began practicing at Northwest Orthopaedic Specialists in 2001.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He has served as Senior Resident at many institutions apart from the positions of lecturer, trauma registrar, surgical registrar, general surgeon and paediatric surgeon. He has achieved many academic and non-academic awards including President Award in Scouting received from Honourable President of India Gyani Zail Singh in year 1984. He holds many publications and paper presentations in this field.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Brozowski received her medical degree from Yale Medical School and a bachelor's cum laude from Cornell University. Dr. Brozowski trained as an artist and painter, as well as a scientist, and uses this artistic sensibility to enhance her patients' natural beauty. She provides a full range of Cosmetic Dermatology and skin rejuvenation services using state-of-the-art techniques to give the best aesthetic results.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Working in Sharjah, UAE, since 1998, she is presently the head of the Lactation clinic in a Ministry of Health facility. In 2001, she founded the first Lactation Clinic in the UAE at Sharjah MCH Center, with the support of volunteers from Breastfeeding Friends (BFF), the first mother-to-mother support group which she co-founded in 1999. Her workplace later became the first Baby-Friendly Health Center (2011), and the first recipient of the IBCLC Care Award for the community (2015). She has also been involved in the preparation of the Sharjah Baby-Friendly Emirate Campaign, a multi-sectorial initiative (2012-2015), for which she has been the Head of the Scientific Committee, as well as the main mentor for the practice in the Lactation clinic. She is a member of ILCA and ABM, and presented posters at several international/regional conferences.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He has extensive experience and knowledge in general orthopedics, which deals with any medical issue affecting the musculoskeletal system in the body. The system consists of muscles, tendons, ligaments, bones, nerves, and joints. His main specialties include spinal orthopedics and trauma surgery with other advanced skills in spinal stenosis, cervical surgery, spinal tumor surgery, and spinal decompression.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. David Tauber joined DeLuca Plastic Surgery after completing a fellowship in Cosmetic and Craniofacial Surgery at Harvard-MGH Hospital in Boston, MA. His practice focuses on the enhancement of the human body through the subtle use of implants and soft tissue camouflage.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Fergus joined the bus trip because she is worried that the bulk of the health center\u2019s financing over 125 million a year is being carried to the private investors who built the healthcare facility at exactly what she explainedreferred to as \u201cextortionate rates\u201d, when staff and facilities are seriously under-funded.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Louis and St. Peters areas for many years. He earned both his undergraduate and medical degrees from the University of Missouri, Columbia. In 2005, Dr. Copeland split from his partnership at Plastic Surgery Consultants, Ltd. in order to establish his solo practice, Copeland Cosmetic Surgery, where he focuses on a number of plastic surgery procedures ranging from breast augmentation to BOTOX\u00ae Cosmetic. He is also the past president of the Missouri Association of Plastic and Reconstructive Surgeons, past board chairman of Primaris (the Missouri Quality Improvement Organization), and a member of many other prestigious medical organizations.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She is a practicing pediatrician, an expert in nutritional medicine for children and the author of How to get Kids to Eat Great & Love it. She is active in addressing childhood obesity and regularly speaks in the media and with schools, parents and health professionals.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " At her office in Hurst, Texas, she offers treatment options for many of the most common chronic illnesses, including diabetes, high blood pressure, and obesity.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He earned his medical degree from the University of Miami School of Medicine in 2006, and completed his internship and residency at Barnes-Jewish Hospital in St. Louis, Missouri. He completed his neurosurgery spine fellowship at the University of Miami/Jackson Memorial Hospital in 2014. Dr. Stoev has performed research in cell transplants for treatment of stroke and in new techniques for lumbar spine surgery.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Nicholas received both his undergraduate and postgraduate medical training at Makerere University in Kampala, Uganda, and joined CURE immediately after his postgraduate training in orthopedics. He later completed a trauma fellowship at Pretoria Academic Hospital in South Africa.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She practices in Anchorage, Alaska and has the professional credentials of PA-C. The NPI Number for Cami Zobel is 1942674577 and she holds a License No. 103291 (Alaska).", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He has built his unique practice on his refined aesthetic acumen, advanced surgical techniques and the genuine compassion he brings to the table with each of his patients. As both an art and a science, Dr. Lipschitz combines his surgical expertise with a life-long passion to achieve natural and long-lasting results with each plastic surgery procedure.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " A key pursuit is the development of a cognitive-based neural prosthesis for paralyzed patients. He also has experience as a community volunteer and as a filmmaker.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " The clinic is visited by counselling psychologist like Ms. Damini Grover ,Dr. Pooja Singhal and Dr. Shelly Gupta . The timings of Shri Mahavir Clinic are: Mon-Sat: 10:00-21:30. Some of the services provided by the Clinic are: Low Confidence,Teeth Whitening,Diet Therapy,Behaviour & Thought Problems and Dental Crowns etc. Click on map to find directions to reach Shri Mahavir Clinic.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He holds a joint appointment with the Taussig Cancer Institute and is Assistant Professor of Surgery at the Cleveland Clinic Lerner College of Medicine of Case Western Reserve University.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She is a Visiting Physician at Royal Prince Alfred Allergy Clinic, a Staff Specialist in Clinical Immunology at Liverpool Hospital, has a private practice at The Prince of Wales Private Hospital in Suite 20 and is a Conjoint Senior Lecturer in Medicine at The University of New South Wales.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " She graduated with honors in 2013. Having more than 5 years of diverse experiences, especially in PHYSICIAN ASSISTANT, Christina M Deschaine affiliates with no hospital, and cooperates with other doctors and specialists without joining any medical groups. Call Christina M Deschaine on phone number (212) 686-6321 for more information and advice or to book an appointment.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He is a graduate of Washington University School of Medicine in St. Louis. Dr. Connor completed an orthopedic surgery residency at Howard University Hospital in Washington, and received advanced training in pediatric orthopedic surgery with the completion of a fellowship at duPont Hospital for Children.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Joseph Medical Center. Dr. Schachel was honored as the Croeg Teacher of the Year in 2013-14 by the Houston Methodist OB/GYN Residency Program. She received her M.D. from The University of Texas Health Science Center at San Antonio Medical School, and is a member of the Houston Gynecologist and Obstetrician Society and a Fellow of the American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists. Since 2007, Dr. Schachel has also been a volunteer at San Jos\u00e9 Clinic.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " She helps clients discover the tools needed for a lifetime of balance. She has a particular passion in working with people who suffer from hormonal imbalance and/or inflammatory dermatologic disorders such as acne, psoriasis and other types of dermatitis.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " After completing her Bachelors degree, she continued her education through The University of Vermont Post Baccalaureate Premedical Program while working as a researcher for the UVM College of Medicine. She completed her Physician Assistant Studies graduating as the valedictorian of the class. She is a Certified Holistic Health Coach and has worked as a Physician Assistant specializing in Hospital Medicine and Emergency Medicine. She has experience practicing medicine at well-respected institutions including Dana Farber Cancer Institute, and Brigham and Women\u2019s Hospital.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He is told that there is one way left for him to save his wounded hands, and get back to doing the job he loves so much, but there's more to this healing process than he could've ever thought.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He obtained his medical degree from the University of Tennessee and worked as a resident of General Surgery from University of Nevada School of Medicine. He also worked as a fellow of Plastic Surgery from University of Miami Miller School of Medicine. Certified by the American Board of General and Plastic Surgery, Dr.J. Cousins has hospital affiliations at Mt. Sinai Medical Center, Aventura Hospital, Mercy Hospital and many loyal hospitals of Florida.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She practices in Oceanside, California and has the professional credentials of PT, DPT. The NPI Number for Karen Charlotta Albiston is 1851844278 and she holds a License No. 291744 (California).", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He received an undergraduate degree in Biology from Providence College and earned a medical degree from Saint Louis University School of Medicine. Dr. Yakuboff completed residencies in surgery and plastic surgery at University of Cincinnati and a fellowship in aesthetic surgery in Miami, Florida. He pursued two additional fellowships in microsurgery and hand and microsurgery in Louisville, Kentucky.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She has long focused on theprevention of disease (including nutrition, safety, behavior change, etc) and involving patients in their own care. Dr. Walker thinks it is essential tointegrate the various approaches to health care available to meet the needs of individual patients. She is committed toproviding excellent care to everyone, not just the super-rich/well-insured. Dr. Walker went on her first mission with IHP in 2013 and has been involved with the organization since then. With over 30 years experience in the field of public health, Jenny is a long-time community organizer, an educator (has taught at all levels from pre-K to medical school), a published poet and photographer.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Dr. Brisman is a board certified surgeon with over 20 years of experience. He specializes in the treatment of facial pain, trigeminal neuralgia, hemifacial spasm, and brain tumors which include pituitary tumors, acoustic neuromas, and meningiomas. Dr. Michael Brisman focuses on minimally invasive techniques to treat these issues, largely with stereotactic surgery and radiosurgery.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She also leads an Artificial Intelligence in Medicine initiative with The Future Society (TFS) at the Harvard Kennedy School of Government. Follow @ejjavorsky", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " A native of Chicago, Illinois, Dr. Kaplan attended college at Illinois Wesleyan University where he graduated Cum Laude majoring in Chemistry and Spanish. He attended the University of Illinois College of Medicine, graduating with honors as well as being selected for the Alpha Omega Alpha National Medical Honor Society, The Chancellor\u2019s Student Service Leadership Award, and the Alumni Student Service Award.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Smith graduated from Medical College of Georgia at Augusta University in 1978 and has been in practice for 40 years. He completed a residency at Atlanta Medical Center. Dr. Smith also specializes in Bariatric Medicine (Obesity Medicine). He currently practices at John Buckley Davis Jr MD and is affiliated with Phoebe Putney Memorial Hospital. Dr. Smith accepts multiple insurance plans including Aetna, Medicare and Humana.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Sklar graduated from Perelman School of Medicine at the University of Pennsylvania in 1979 and has been in practice for 39 years. He completed a residency at Massachusetts General Hospital. He currently practices at New England Orthopedic Surgeons Inc and is affiliated with Baystate Medical Center. Dr. Sklar accepts multiple insurance plans including Aetna, Harvard Pilgrim and Tufts Health Plan. In addition to English, Dr. Sklar's practice supports this language: Spanish.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Fong graduated from University of Hawaii John A Burns School of Medicine in 1989 and has been in practice for 28 years. He completed a residency at Lsu Health Sciences. He currently practices at Brian Lee Fong MD and is affiliated with Slidell Memorial Hospital & Medical Center. Dr. Fong accepts multiple insurance plans including Aetna, Medicare and Humana.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He is the experienced Surgeon who operated Tummy Tuck, Mommy Makeover and Breast Reduction with the desired result. This quality of this Surgeon makes him famous and expert in this field. He completed his MD from the Eastern Virginia Medical School. For his post-medical school, he joined Case Western Reserve University as a Resident of Plastic Surgery. In this period, he also got the privilege to work as a fellow of Breast Reconstruction from different institutions to explore himself in this area namely at Georgetown University and Breast Reconstruction Foundation in Atlanta. His Board Certification by the American Board of Plastic Surgery is the authentication to work as a Plastic Surgeon. Dr. Beckenstein is also the member of the American Society for Aesthetic Plastic Surgery (ASAPS) and American Society of Plastic Surgeons (ASPS) which shows his loyalty towards his patients.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Cynthia completed her Bachelors of Science in Exercise Physiology at Wright State University and worked for Kettering Health Network as an Exercise Physiologist prior to becoming a Physician Assistant. She completed her Masters of Physician Assistant Practice at the University of Dayton and worked in cardiology and the urgent care setting before she joined Sycamore Family Medicine.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Dr. Mandiberg graduated from Wayne State University School of Medicine in 1975 and has been in practice for 44 years. He completed a residency at Henry Ford Health System. He currently practices at Multnomah Orthopedic Clinic and is affiliated with Legacy Good Samaritan Medical Center, Legacy Mount Hood Medical Center and Oregon Health Science University Hospital. Dr. Mandiberg accepts multiple insurance plans including Aetna, Medicare and PacifiCare (UnitedHealthcare). In addition to English, Dr. Mandiberg's practice supports this language: Spanish.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She practices in San Diego, California and has the professional credentials of M.D.. The NPI Number for Dr. Emelya Ahadian is 1477561777 and she holds a License No. A67647 (California).", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He is MD from the Jefferson Medical College and a resident of Plastic Surgery from the University of Pennsylvania. Certified by the American Board of Plastic Surgery, he is the member of American Society for Aesthetic Plastic Surgery (ASAPS) and American Society of Plastic Surgeons (ASPS).", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Villa obtained his D.D.S. degree and a Ph.D. from Italy. He served as a post-doctoral fellow at the National Cancer Institute, where he studied the oral HPV prevalence in a large population and methods of early detection of oral cancer. He obtained his Master of Public Health from AT Still University, Missouri, and his Certificate in Oral Medicine from the BWH/HSDM. Dr. Villa\u2019s research interests are focused primarily on leukoplakia and oral complications from cancer treatment.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She also is a member of the Pediatric Analgesia and Sedation Service. Dr. Gewirtz\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s interests include the use of patient simulation to promote effective team work and promote safety in the medical environment and EMS. She enjoys precepting medical students and residents in the Emergency Department, as well as participating in continuing education with MedFlight. Dr. Gewirtz\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s research interests include mild head injury in children.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " She is interested in harnessing the power of narrative to improve the doctor-patient relationship, improve health outcomes, build community, reduce physician burnout, and enhance both medical and public education. In her spare time she enjoys reading, writing, listening to podcasts, and going on road trips with her fianc\u00e9e Boaz. She tweets at @ESilvermanMD.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Dr. Bawa graduated from Johns Hopkins University School of Medicine in 2000 and has been in practice for 18 years. He currently practices at San Diego Orthopaedic Associates Medical Group and is affiliated with Scripps Mercy Hospital Chula Vista. Dr. Bawa accepts multiple insurance plans including Aetna, Medicare and Humana. In addition to English, Dr. Bawa's practice supports this language: Spanish.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Kanniraj done his MBBS from Madras Medical College, Chennai followed by orthopedic training (M.S Ortho) in the Orthopedic department of Sawai Man Singh Medical College, Jaipur, the same department that designed the world renowned \"Jaipur Foot\" for amputees. During his training, he was awarded the \u201cAll India Best Resident Orthopaedic Surgeon Award\u201c by Bombay Orthopedic society for his academic excellence. After his masters, he worked at the All India Institute of Medical Sciences (AIIMS, New Delhi) as a Senior Resident Orthopedic Surgeon specializing in joint replacement and arthroscopic keyhole surgery. After AIIMS, he had further fellowship training in Hip, Knee, Shoulder, Sports Injuries and Arthroscopic Surgery for two years in Australia with some of the best surgeons in the world, focusing on a shoulder, hip and knee problems.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He headed the Nephrology and Hypertension Research Laboratory in Essen (1993-2002) and the Department of Pharmacology & Pharmacotherapy at the University of Amsterdam (The Netherlands, 2003-2011). Since 2011, he is the Global Head of Product and Pipeline Scientific Support at Boehringer Ingelheim. He has published more than 400 scientific articles, is the Editor-in-Chief of Naunyn-Schmiedeberg\u2019s Archives of Pharmacology and also serves on the board of many pharmacological, physiological and urological journals. His research focusses on urogenital and cardiovascular pharmacology.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He is MD from the Howard University School of Medicine and a resident of Plastic Surgery from Columbia University College of Physicians and Surgeons. Certified by the American Board of Plastic Surgery, Dr.Fazilat has hospital affiliations at Stanford University, El Camino Hospital, Sequoia Hospital and Good Samaritan Hospital. He is a member of American Society of Plastic Surgeons (ASPS).", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Malvitz graduated from University of Michigan Medical School in 1982 and has been in practice for 35 years. He completed a residency at University of Iowa Hospitals & Clinics. He currently practices at Orthopaedic Associates of Michigan and is affiliated with Mercy Health Saint Mary's, Mary Free Bed Rehabilitation Hospital and Metro Health Hospital. Displaying the profile of a physician or provider on this website does not constitute or imply endorsement, recommendation, or favoring by the sponsoring hospital. The views and opinions of authors expressed herein do not necessarily state or reflect those of Trinity Health Corporation or any of its hospitals/ministries, and shall not be used for advertising or product endorsement purposes.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She spent the first year of her career working in a primary care setting, and more recently decided to focus on sleep medicine. She received her Master of Science in Physician Assistant Studies from South University in 2015. learn more", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He moved his practice to Boca Raton in 2000. He received his undergraduate degree from Cornell University in New York in 1985, graduating top in his class from the College of Agriculture and Life Sciences.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Dement graduated from University of Tennessee Health Science Center College of Medicine in 1983 and has been in practice for 35 years. He completed a residency at Palmetto Richland Memorial Hospital. He currently practices at Asheville Orthopaedic Associates and is affiliated with Mission Hopsital. Dr. Dement accepts multiple insurance plans including Aetna, Medicare and Humana. In addition to English, Dr. Dement's practice supports this language: Spanish.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Her clinical interests include minimally invasive gynecologic surgery, infertility, fertility preservation for cancer patients, and risk reduction for infectious disease transmission.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " She was trainedin rheumatology of osteoporosis. She currently practices in the Osteoporosis & Metabolic Bone Department at Cleveland Clinic main campus specializing in the treatment of osteoporosis and metabolic bone diseases.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Dr. Carroll earned his medical degree at the University of Arizona in Tucson. He completed his residency training at Truman Medical Center in Kansas City, Missouri.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She has a special interest in family medicine, primary care, disease management and prevention and weight loss. Dr. Singh serves as a board member for Women's Fund and Encompass. In her free time, she enjoys playing piano, aerobics, ballroom dancing, reading and attending concerts.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Research has found that when a doctor honestly reassures a guy that his penis is average-sized, he is likely to stop searching for surgery. Therefore, it is important to have a thorough consultation with an accredited plastic surgeon about the possible complications of penile enlargement surgery, which may include bruising, bleeding, swelling, skin incision separation, infection, loss of the erect upward angle of the penis, loss of thickness, detachment of the graft or failure of the graft to take, nerve injury or erectile dysfunction.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Atanassov received his medical degree from Medical University, Sofia in Bulgaria. He completed his General Surgery Residency at Staten Island University Hospital, in N.Y.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He is a member of the Dallas Plastic Surgery Institute, a facility with state of the art technology. Dr. Jejurikar has two offices, both affiliated with the Dallas Plastic Surgery Institute, located in Dallas, Texas and Plano, Texas. He is also affiliated with Dallas Medical Center, Pine Creek Medical Center, and more. Dr. Jejurikar is certified in Michigan as well as Texas and performs plastic surgery in all areas of the body.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He has been in practice for the past four decades. In this duration, he has conducted hundreds of medical operations to patients in the United States and beyond. He has had a highly successful career as a medical practitioner. His record in the medical industry can be equaled by few especially in the field of pediatric surgery. He has been so good at his work that he has attracted the attention of Saudi Royal, who had hired him as their pediatric surgeon. He has also worked with international humanitarian organizations who have as well been impressed by the quality of services that have been offered through this facility.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He earned his Undergraduate degree from King Abdulaziz University and his Burns Research Fellowship and Plastic Surgery Residency training from the University of Manitoba, Pediatric Plastic Surgery Fellowship from the University of Toronto and Fellowship of Royal College of Physician and Surgeons of Canada in 2000.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He is board-certified in surgery and cardiac and thoracic surgery. His specialty interests include coronary artery bypass surgery, valve disease and surgery, minimally invasive heart valve surgery, transcatheter aortic valve replacement (TAVR), aortic disease, endocarditis and cardiac reoperations.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Weinstein graduated from State University of New York Upstate Medical University in 1989 and has been in practice for 28 years. He completed a residency at McGaw Medical Center. Dr. Weinstein also specializes in Physical Medicine & Rehabilitation and Pain Medicine. He currently practices at Catskill Orange Orthopaedics Middletown and is affiliated with Catskill Regional Medical Center and Orange Regional Medical Center. Dr. Weinstein accepts multiple insurance plans including MVP Health Plan, Empire Blue Cross Blue Shield and Medicare. Dr. Weinstein also practices at Catskill Orthopaedics in Goshen, NY.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He is also a Clinical Associate Professor of Ophthalmology at the University of California, San Francisco. He currently serves as the Editor-in-Chief of the Ophthalmic News and Education (ONE) Network.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She practices in Bayamon, Puerto Rico and has the professional credentials of M.D.. The NPI Number for Dr. Melba Iris Colon is 1679559462 and she holds a License No. 6821 (Puerto Rico).", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Additional areas of expertise include Targeted Muscle Reinnervation and Extremity Salvage. His current practice is located in Norfolk, VA and serves patients from all over the Hampton Roads area.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " As President and Director of the Landings Surgery Centre since its inception he has a vision for change and keen eye for the enhancement of the human form. Dr. Bendor-Samuel has been the most highly rated plastic surgeon in Halifax for the last 8 years. He is a longstanding member of the Royal College of Physicians and Surgeons of Canada and a member of both the Canadian Society for Aesthetic (Cosmetic) Surgery and the International Society of Aesthetic Plastic Surgery. Dr. Bendor-Samuel is the Secretary Treasurer of the Canadian Society of Aesthetic Plastic Surgeons.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " After majoring in Biochemistry at McGill and working in the pharmaceutical industry, she completed her medical school training at Laval University in 2005, followed by a Family Medicine residency and an Emergency Medicine Fellowship at McGill.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He is one of 10 surgeons at the Dallas Plastic Surgery Institute. Dr. Jejurikar is known for his pleasant and caring demeanor and was awarded for it in 2012. He received the Compassionate Doctor Certification which is an honor given to \u2026", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " After winning first place in a fiction writing contest, she decided to try her hand at novels. Starting with romantic thrillers and romantic suspense, she switched to (mostly) medical and crime thrillers in 1996, and has sold more than 30 million books in 40 languages. Tess has received the Nero Wolfe Award, the Rita Award, and the Robert B. Parker Award. She\u2019s also written screenplays and composed music.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " CABG manages the surgery which patch up the stream of blood to the heart.Dr. Ranjit Jagtap. Cardiothoracic Surgeon in Pune. Dr. Ranjit Jagtap received his basic Medical College training in B J Medical College, completing his M.S. in General Surgery, under the guidance of Dr. M. J. Joshi, a world famous General Surgeon and renowned Gastrointestinal Surgeon specialised in liver surgery.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He received his B.A. in Biology as well as his MD at the University of Missouri-Kansas City where he was also a Phi Kappa Phi Honor Society member. A general surgery internship at Johns Hopkins Hospital brought him to Baltimore. Later, he had an integrated general surgery and plastic surgery residency at Johns Hopkins Hospital and University of Maryland plastic surgery program. He has written numerous articles and was awarded an Upjohn for clinical research.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He commenced his surgical career in England obtaining a fellowship in surgery before returning to New Zealand to specialise in Urology, completing his training in 1997. He returned to London as a consultant at the Hillingdon Hospital and Mt Vernon Regional Cancer Centre. Here he developed an interest in prostate cancer; was an investigator in clinical research and travelled to centres of excellence in England and the United States to refine his surgical proficiency.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Sanjay Jamdade practices at Dr. Sanjay Jamdade Dental Clinic in Boisar, Thane. He completed BDS from Government Dental College Mumbai in 1988. He is a member of Indian Society of Oral Implantologist and Indian Dental Association.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She specializes in newborn and pediatric care and is currently the MLP Neonatal program director at Manchester Memorial Hospital. She has a masters degree in Physician Assistant Studies from Notre Dame College.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " She practices in Jber, Alaska and has the professional credentials of M.D.. The NPI Number for Dr. Susanne K Vanderbilt is 1184867871 and she holds a License No. 56668-20 (Wisconsin).", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He is dual fellowship trained with areas of interest in hip disease and spine disease. He has additional experience and frequently lectures on computer assisted surgery and minimally invasive surgical techniques. He is Board Certified by the American Board of Orthopaedic Surgeons and is a member of the American Academy of Orthopaedic Surgeons, the North American Spine Society, the American Spine Injury Association, and the Spine Trauma Study Group. Dr. Sledge has numerous medical publications on various topics and is continuously active in research projects.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She has been a surgical PA for several years in the fields of orthopedics and surgical oncology \u2013 where her ability to enhance medical treatment with compassionate care was crucial. Danielle has experience in both the inpatient and outpatient settings, where her surgical experience shines through alongside her dedication to health and wellness. In addition, she has performed numerous da Vinci robotic procedures in multiple specialties.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " She has a family practice in Brighton, Ontario and works in the emergency department of Trenton Memorial Hospital as well as the sexual health service at the Haliburton, Kawartha Pine Ridge Public Health Unit. She is an assistant professor in the Family Medicine Department at Queen's University's Health Sciences Faculty. She blogs about farm life at www.evamaefarm.com/blog and can be reached via email. See all of Michelle's articles.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " She practices in Apo, Armed Forces Europe and has the professional credentials of MD. The NPI Number for Sarah J Stringer is 1205059508 and she holds a License No. 01066447A (Indiana).", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " She practices in Apo, Armed Forces Europe and has the professional credentials of PHYSICIAN ASSISTANT. The NPI Number for Mrs. Janice Yates is 1164603791 and she holds a License No. MA052004 (Pennsylvania).", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Dr. Hayes has offices in Seattle and Portland. Dr. Hayes is Ivy League trained and completed his plastic Surgery residency at the highly regarded University of Washington.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He is board certified and an active surgeon at the Dallas Plastic Surgery Institute. The facility has a team of 10 plastic surgeons including Dr. Jejurikar. It has a skin care center, \u2026 Continue reading \u2192", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Otto is in private practice at Premier Care Orthopedics & Sports Medicine, a division of Signature Medical Group. He discusses rotator cuff injuries, symptoms and possible treatments, both non-surgical and surgical. For more information on Dr. Otto visit www.signaturemedicalgroup.com.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Wolf graduated from Albert Einstein College of Medicine Yeshiva University in 1998 and has been in practice for 19 years. He completed a residency at New York Hospital. He currently practices at Joseph Allen Wolf MD and is affiliated with Mount Sinai Hospital of Queens.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She was assistant clinical professor of pathology at the State University of New York at Stony Brook and a lieutenant colonel in the U.S. Army. In Israel she was research associate for a special project at the Harry S. Truman Institute for the Advancement of Peace at the Hebrew University, Jerusalem, 1996-1999.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Dr. Gjolaj graduated from George Washington University School of Medicine & Health Sciences in 2006 and has been in practice for 13 years. He completed a residency at Johns Hopkins University. He currently practices at University of Miami Jackson Memorial Hospital Pediatric Emergency Medicine and is affiliated with Jackson Memorial Hospital. Dr. Gjolaj accepts multiple insurance plans including Aetna, Medicare and Humana. Dr. Gjolaj also practices at Alex's Place Pediatric Hematology Oncology Clinic in Miami, FL. In addition to English, Dr. Gjolaj's practice supports these languages: Russian, Arabic, Vietnamese, French, Spanish, Korean, German and Italian.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He is a leading expert in advanced arthroscopic techniques for knee and shoulder surgery with vast experience treating sports injuries. Dr. Millstein specializes inarthroscopic surgery and reconstruction of the knee, hip and shoulder, as well as joint replacement surgery for arthritis of the shoulder and knee.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She also works in data mining to evaluate efficiency and quality measures for the her division. In her free time, she raises her toddler twins, reads SF & F and fanfic, plays boardgames and computer games, debates medical ethics, and waves vaguely at the Arisia Dealers Room.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He holds a bachelor's degree in dentistry from FORP / USP - Dentistry School of Ribeir\u00c3\u00a3o Preto, 2010. He acts as a general practitioner. It has been part of iDent since October 2012.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He completed basic medical education from AMC Karnataka, post graduation (DNB) in Internal Medicine from Westfort Hospital, Kerala and Fellowship in Critical Care Medicine from Apollo Hospital, Hyderabad. Dr. Pradeep Yadav has good experience as intensivist and has handled many emergencies in intensive care unit (ICU). He has excellence in treating chronic diseases like hypertension, diabetes, COPD, asthama, thyroid disorder as well as infectious diseases like malaria, typhoid, dengue, TB and viral fevers.Dr. Pradeep Yadav has worked in Neurology department under Dr. Sunil Gajre ( a renowned Neurologist) Jalgaon, Maharashtra and in Cardiology department under Dr. Sajan Narayanan (a renowned Cardiologist) Calicut, Kerala.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He specialises in keyhole surgery for obesity and metabolic disorders, for gastroesophageal conditions, such as cancer and acid reflux, and for gallbladder and abdominal hernia.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr Lim\u2019s clinical expertise includes shoulder, elbow, wrist and hand surgery. He is also experienced in the management of knee, foot and ankle problems, such as fractures, ligamentous and muscle injuries sustained in sports and motor vehicle accidents.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Kayla has been working at KANA since July 2014 as a Care Manager and began providing direct patient care as a Physician Assistant in October 2014. Kayla completed her Masters of Medical Science in Physician Assistant Studies and Masters of Public Health from Arcadia University in Newark, Delaware in 2013.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " A member of the American Society of Plastic Surgeons and the American Society of Aesthetic Plastic Surgery, Dr. Magassy has served Washington, DC, Virginia, and Maryland for over 40 years. His AAASF-accredited ambulatory surgery center and offices, The Magassy Building, is a well-known landmark in McLean, Virginia. A military veteran and accomplished equestrian and pilot, Dr. Magassy is well-known internationally, nationally and locally by his patients and peers as a leader and innovator in aesthetic medicine. He is routinely called upon to teach and to instruct other plastic surgeons in new methods and technologies. Dr. Magassy is the father of three grown children and resides on his horse farm and wildlife sanctuary in Poolesville, Maryland.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " For more than 15 years he has directed a clinic in the recently contacted Zo\u2019\u00e9 community where he provides for their medical needs. His surgical skill has been the subject of a Discovery Channel documentary. Dr. Jennings has also been active in environmental issues of the Tapaj\u00f3s river region and in 2016 he campaigned successfully to prevent the construction of the S\u00e3o Lu\u00eds do Tapaj\u00f3s dam.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He started his surgical training in one of the renowned hospitals in Taipei after he graduated from National Taiwan University Medical College. Besides gastroenterology surgery, he has undergone sub- specialty training in breast and endocrine surgery as well. Upon returning to Malaysia, he completed his clinical attachment in various district hospitals for 4 years. As part of increasing public in health awareness, Assistant Professor Dr Lee successfully conducted breast cancer awareness campaigns in Johor and Negeri Sembilan. He has been a clinical lecturer at International Medical University and PU-RCSI while serving in Hospital Tuanku Ampuan Najihah and Hospital Putrajaya. He is currently a lecturer at the Faculty of Medicine, Universiti Tunku Abdul Rahman (UTAR).", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She undertook her Research MD in Oxford in obstructive sleep apnoea and Type 2 diabetes. She is Lead of the Newcastle Regional Sleep Service, and sits on the British Thoracic Society Sleep Specialist Advisory Group.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Dr. Ghodadra is fellowship trained in Shoulder and Sports Medicine Surgery and has a particular interest in taking care of athletes. Dr. Ghodadra was a team physician for the Chicago Bulls (NBA) and Chicago White Sox (MLB). He also served as team physician for multiple semi-professional, university and high school teams in football, hockey and gymnastics.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He is MD from the Georgetown University and a Resident of Plastic Surgery from Massachusetts General Hospital and Georgetown Hospital. Dr. Basile is the member of American Society of Plastic Surgeons (ASPS) and has hospital affiliations at Naples Community Hospital and North Collier Hospital.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He attended medical school at University of Alabama and completed his surgery and plastic surgery training at Tulane University and Vanderbilt University. Dr. Yates performs a variety of cosmetic and reconstructive surgery prodecures including breast, face, body contouring and skin treatments.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He has had comprehensive training in a number of modalities of humanistic psychotherapy, and is an accredited psychoanalysis trainer. He has worked as a psychotherapist since 1975, and has led his own institute since 1977. Christian maintains a private practice where he offers individual and group therapy. He has taught Hakomi in workshop and training settings, and has been active in interfacing body-psychotherapy with the medical community.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He continues to practise as a part-time surgeon and a surgery consultant, much of the latter being providing endoscopic training in veterinary hospitals throughout the United States. He is past president of the American College of Veterinary Surgeons and directs Veterinary Endoscopy Training Symposia at the University of Georgia. Dr. Rawlings co-edited Small Animal Endoscopy, 3rd edition, and is working on the 4th edition. He is passionate about helping more veterinarians integrate endoscopy into their practices.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He also doubles as a philanthropist with a passion for making a different in people\u2019s lives. Currently, he has a number of charitable organizations he heads or contributes to financially.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " This is a drug used to prevent, reduce and reverse the effects of opioid abuse and is now legal in the state of Utah. With this move, lives will be saved.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He attended Harvard University where he received his undergraduate degree in medicine. In his medical degree, he trained in general surgery and plastic surgery. He later joined Johns Hopkins university school of medicine where he studied an advanced craniofacial research fellowship. Currently, he is a staff surgeon at Scripps Memorial Hospital, Sharp Chula Vista medical center both of which are located in La Jolla area of San Diego. He is also among the members of clinical faculty of the University of California. He is a fellow in the American college of surgeons and sits in the American board of plastic surgery.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " His main area work involves microsurgical reconstruction of the breast and aesthetic surgery of the breast. His secondary interests are microsurgical reconstruction of the chest wall, abdomen and lower limb.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " All conditions of the spine are treated including spinal trauma and malignant disease (tumours) but his practice is mostly concerned with the treatment of back pain and sciatica. In 95 per cent of cases, Dr Cleaver\u2019s practice is concerned with minimally invasive procedures to achieve surgical reconstructions. Dr Cleaver has been performing minimally invasive spine surgery in Queensland since 2008 with hundreds of grateful patients.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He combines precise surgical skills, methodical artistry, and compassionate care to deliver superior results and patient satisfaction. Dr. Jacob Sedgh is a double-boarded plastic surgeon who specializes in facial cosmetic and reconstructive surgery. He combines precise surgical skills, methodical artistry, and compassionate care to deliver superior results and patient satisfaction.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He is board certified by the American Board of Pediatric Neurosurgery. He received an undergraduate degree from St. Olaf College in Northfield, Minneosta, and medical degree from the University of Minnesota School of Medicine in Minneapolis, Minnesota. Dr. Graupman completed an internship in general surgery and a residency in the department of neurosurgery, also at the University of Minnesota. He completed a fellowship in in pediatric neurosurgery at the University of Colorado School of Medicine/Children\u2019s Hospital of Denver in Denver, Colorado.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Karyn has ten years of experience as a practicing Physician Assistant and graduated with Honors from Stony Brook University. She received her undergraduate degree in Biology and Psychology with a Pre Medical focus from Stony Brook University. Karyn is an advocate for sun protection and skin cancer screening. Her goal is to decrease the number of skin cancer morbidities and mortalities, by prevention and early detection.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He strives to provide his patients the best care and excellent plastic surgery results. He is one of only a few plastic surgeons in Canada with a top rating on RateMD, RealSelf and Ontario Doctor Review. Dr Rodger Shortt is a specialist plastic surgeon trained in cosmetic surgery and reconstructive surgery. He specializes in breast surgery, breast augmentation, breast fat transfer, mommy makeover, tummy tuck, body contouring, breast reconstruction and cosmetic surgery of the face. He is the Director of Cosmetic Surgery Training at McMaster University and an Assistant Clinical Professor.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " For years he struggled with feeling lonely, sad, confused, powerless, trapped and even suicidal. He remembers thinking about jumping off the Golden Gate Bridge and repeatedly calling the suicide hotline. Years later, after having one-on-one sessions with so many amazing coaches and healers, he discovered the relationship between feeling and thinking, between events and their meaning, between the part of him that feels painful emotions and the part of that is always free. He learned how to be in touch with that part of himself that is free and clear no matter what negative emotions he feels. Eventually he learned how to help others get in touch with it too. As a result, Kundan now take clients from their struggle and confusion to a place of freedom and simplicity.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He brings the most advanced techniques in cosmetic surgery and unique artistry to his Dallas/Fort Worth plastic surgery practice. Dr. Obaid specializes in breast and body procedures, as well as rhinoplasty.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She practices in Birmingham, Alabama and has the professional credentials of MD. The NPI Number for Kimberly Sue Keene is 1194775940 and she holds a License No. 27309 (Alabama).", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He is certified by the American Board of Facial Plastic and Reconstructive Surgery, the American Board of Plastic Surgery, San Diego and La Jolla certified. In the cosmetic medical community, Mark Mofid is well known for his tremendous work. He trained at Harvard and Johns Hopkins University. Mark has shown other interests in industrial innovation along with his formal education. Mark Mofid has a great reputation and this has caused many people to develop trust with him. His practices in the medical world are safest. Mark Mofid is earnestly researching for methods of doing the surgeries better than he does. He has a deep understanding of the body fat, skin, muscles, and the body systems, which make him, exploit and think outside the box.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He is currently head of the Unit Hair Graft Institute of Aesthetic Medicine Beyou Medical Group. During his long career he has performed more than 5,000 interventions capillary graft, among which the FUSS and FUE techniques and restoration of eyebrows and scars. In addition, he is a member of national medical societies and internationally, such as the International Society of Hair Restoration Surgery (ISHRS), where he has participated in numerous conferences.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She now devotes her time to serving the poor and needy through her work at YMCA and the Inner Wheel at Rotary foundation. Dr. Aruna has been associatied with Cerebral Palsy Association of India for the last 20 years. Besides being a gifted singer she has interests in Spirituality, Astrology and graphology.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " She specializes in active sports rehab, patient education, and soft tissue and joint manipulation. She loves working with active people to return them to their full strength. Maya brings a unique outlook on injury prevention and rehabilitation to her practice, having suffered from many injuries herself as a competitive athlete.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " She is currently in private practice in Seattle, Washington, and is an adjunct faculty member at Bastyr University. Dr. Price was a National Institute of Health Research Fellow (2005\u221a\u00b12010).", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " With an experienced past in surgery, he offers his patients a personalized touch with high-quality results. Past patients of his have offered positive reviews of his work all across the internet. In fact, patient reviews have him ranked among the top physicians in the nation.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " As he\u2019s standing in an airport store contemplating buying a tie, he meets a handsome stranger, Carson Randall. After sparks fly, they both realize they want the same thing. They want more than just a passing meeting in an airport; they want a relationship.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He is an expert in aesthetic surgery of the face, including facelifts, blepharoplasty (eyelid surgery), lip augmentation, rhinoplasty, and chin and cheek implants. Dr. Pratt also specializes in body contouring techniques, such as tumescent power assisted liposuction, abdominoplasty, breast augmentation, breast lift, and male breast reduction.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He is the founder and executive director of the Dupuytren Research Group. He devised the IDDB research project and currently serves as chair of the Dupuytren Research Group Research Committee.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " His field of expertise is basic General Urology and standard urological procedures of kidneys, bladder, and external genitalia both male and female. His sub-specialized training involves the following: Urinary track stone disease prevention and treatment: Treatment of simple and complex (staghorn) kidney stones utilizing minimally invasive procedures such as percutaneus approach (Percutaneus Nephrolithotomy-PCNL) and retrograde approach (Retrograde Intra Renal Surgery-RIRS). Endoscopic treatment of Ureteric stones via semi-rigid and flexible ureteroscopy using Holmium Laser. Minimally invasive treatment of Benign Prostate Hyperplasia BPH: He is a qualified user of Greenlight Laser (June 2007 King\u2019s College Hospital, London, UK). Since then he has successfully performed numerous Prostate Vaporization procedures becoming", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Ahn graduated from Loma Linda University School of Medicine in 2008 and has been in practice for 9 years. He completed a residency at Kaiser Foundation Hospital. Dr. Ahn accepts multiple insurance plans including Medicare and Kaiser Permanente. In addition to English, Dr. Ahn's practice supports these languages: Spanish and Korean.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Mark Freeborn. She evaluates patients in the clinic to provide both operative and non-surgical treatment options and also first assists in the operating room. Melissa takes a special interest in bone health and osteoporosis. Read Melissa Payson's full profile", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Her practice focuses on ortho-molecular nutrition, biochemistry based evaluations to facilitate active, pain-free, high-energy lives. Read more from Dr. Sirchio in her book The Nourish Series.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He earned his medical doctorate degree at the University of Mississippi Medical Center in Jackson and completed his residency in general surgery at Parkland Hospital in Dallas, Texas.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She is chair of nutrition, gastroenterology professor, and clinical supervisor at Southwest College of Naturopathic Medicine, Tempe, Arizona. Dr. Morstein has a generalized practice seeing all ages, both genders, and acute and chronic disease, but she does focus on prediabetes and diabetes, gastroenterological conditions, and women's health. Dr. Morstein frequently lectures on diabetes and gastroenterological conditions in North America. She has created the Insulin Intensive Seminar, a two-day conference wherein medical professionals and students learn a comprehensive program of using insulin with all types of diabetic patients in all situations.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Dr. Aferzon graduated from State University of New York Downstate Medical Center College of Medicine in 1989 and has been in practice for 29 years. He completed a residency at University of Connecticut Health Center. Dr. Aferzon also specializes in Surgery. He currently practices at Portland Family Practice Group and is affiliated with Middlesex Hospital. Dr. Aferzon accepts multiple insurance plans including Aetna, Medicare and Cigna. Dr. Aferzon also practices at Robert A Grillo Jr MD in Middletown, CT.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Oliver graduated from State University of New York at Buffalo Jacobs School of Medicine & Biomedical Sciences in 1972 and has been in practice for 46 years. He completed a residency at Henry Ford Health System. He currently practices at Joseph J Oliver MD and is affiliated with Memorial Hospital of Sweetwater County. Dr. Oliver accepts multiple insurance plans including Aetna, Medicare and Cigna. Dr. Oliver also practices at Northwest Emergency Room Physicians in Rock Springs, WY.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She received her bachelor\u2019s degree in biomolecular science from Central Connecticut State University. She then attended University of Bridgeport Physician Assistant Institute and obtained her master\u2019s degree. During that time, she completed her graduate thesis on the health effects of nutritional disparities on pediatric patients. She has two years of experience working in pediatrics. Prior to that she spent three years working in urgent care. She is a member of the American Academy of Pediatrics. She has a special focus on breastfeeding support, childhood nutrition and obesity prevention, as well as teenage and young adult LGBTQ support. She is working towards completing the lactation consultant certification program.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " His office came to Station Four for a website redesign and CMS integration that would provide the foundation for their future Inbound and SEO marketing efforts.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He explains what Positional Plagiocephaly, Deformational Plagiocephaly and Lambdoid craniosynostosis are. Using model skulls, Dr. Perlyn explains this common pediatric craniofacial Continue reading", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He states that symptoms of metallosis include pain, instability, and increasing noise from the hip. In addition, metallosis may cause some or all of these symptoms: pseudo-tumors, nerve and thyroid problems, brain impairment, heart problems, depression and anxiety, visual impairment, rashes, infection, and implant loosening.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He graduated from the University of Alabama School of Medicine. He completed five years of general surgery training in Birmingham, AL where he also served as chief resident at Baptist Health Systems. He obtained his plastic surgery training at the University of Illinois in Chicago. Dr. Wells is Board Certified in Plastic Surgery.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He provides laparoscopic gastric bypass and the laparoscopic sleeve gastrectomy, as well as revisional surgery for failed lap bands and stomach staplings. He also performs other laparoscopic surgeries including gallbladder removal, hernia repair and anti-reflux surgery. He is accepting new patients and can be reached at (318) 798- 4433; located at 1455 East Bert Kouns Industrial Loop, Shreveport, LA 71105. Visit http://providers.highlandclinic.com/james-r-barnesmd/ for more information.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He headed the Nephrology and Hypertension Research Laboratory in Essen (1993-2002), the Department of Pharmacology & Pharmacotherapy at the University of Amsterdam (The Netherlands, 2003-2011) and was Global Head of Product and Pipeline Scientific Support at Boehringer Ingelheim (2011-2016). ...", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Dr. Elliott graduated from University of Washington School of Medicine in 1987 and has been in practice for 31 years. He currently practices at Ortho Montana and is affiliated with St Vincent Healthcare. Dr. Elliott accepts multiple insurance plans including Aetna, Medicare and Humana.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Koscielniak graduated from Indiana University School of Medicine Bloomington in 1979 and has been in practice for 39 years. He completed a residency at George Washington University Hospital. Dr. Koscielniak also specializes in Sports Medicine. He currently practices at Orthopaedics Inc of Indiana and is affiliated with Franciscan St Anthony Health Crown Point. Dr. Koscielniak accepts multiple insurance plans including Aetna, SIHO Insurance Services and Medicare.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She received her degree in Biomedical Science from Texas A&M University where she graduated in 1994. Judi worked in cancer research at MD Anderson before earning a Bachelor Degree in Physician Assistant Studies from the University of Texas Medical Branch, Galveston in 1998. After receiving her certification, she worked as a Physician Assistant for eight years before joining the Cypress Physicians Association.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Louis, Missouri and an articular cartilage reconstruction pioneer. He owns U. S. Sports Medicine in Kirkwood, MO, and LehmanHealth. Learn more about Dr. Rick.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " His public practice is shared between the Royal Adelaide Hospital, the Women and Children\u2019s Hospital. His private practice is conducted at Orthopaedics SA with admitting / clinical privileges at St Andrew\u2019s Hospital and Memorial Hospital.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Originally from Texas, her career in medicine began at an ENT hospital in New York. She later moved back to Texas to begin what would become her career apex, the Walden Cosmetic Surgery Center. She is renown for being the first surgeon to use laser equipment for labiaplasties and vaginoplasties. Her work alone speaks volumes in the Plastic Surgery field, including her innovative use of technology.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " In her private practice, Dr. Maiysha facilitates patients in achieving and maintaining optimal health mentally and physically through her integrated wellness programs. Her repeated exposure to and experience with treating exhaustion and stress related conditions in physicians and other health professionals in her private practice inspired her to turn her focus to physician coaching.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " She is also a certified professional coder with experience in multi -specialties. Kim has also implemented practice management systems, performed chart audits, implemented EMR systems in multi-physician practices, and various revenue enhancement projects.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Henry Marsh ... Henry Marsh is a celebrated neurosurgeon who travels the world teaching his exacting craft ... At Viktoria\u2019s bedside was one of the world\u2019s best-known neurosurgeons, Henry Marsh, the author of Do No Harm, and a celebrity in Ukraine ... The author Karl Ove Knausgaard once wrote of Marsh ... Marsh stood apart ... Marsh was cock-a-hoop....", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Over 30 years of his career he has maintained a massive outcomes data repository of more than 14,000 patients. His dedication to outcomes collection and analysis has led to prominent roles such as: Director of the Total Joint Service at Methodist Hospital, Director of the Total Joint Center at the Indiana Orthopaedic Hospital, Past-President of OrthoIndy, and serving as a consultant/designer/advisor for several orthopaedic manufacturers and healthcare organizations. Read more on OrthoServiceLine.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She practices in Anniston, Alabama and has the professional credentials of MD. The NPI Number for Dr. Monica Giselle Robles is 1750502183 and she holds a License No. 4301081218 (Michigan).", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " His research interests are in health system improvements and clinical informatics. He has worked in a number of areas of the healthcare system as a provider of primary and secondary care and has held administrative positions, including as Medical Director for Primary Care for VIHA, and Medical Advisor to MoHS eHealth. Last year, he completed his PhD on continuity of care and is embarking on his research career as a full time academic faculty.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He practices in Birmingham, Alabama and has the professional credentials of M.D.. The NPI Number for Drexell H Boggs is 1003131558 and he holds a License No. MD.33808 (Alabama).", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " As a researcher and scientist, he has experience in both laboratory and clinical research, and has worked in conjunction with the Sydney Cancer Centre and the Garvan Institute. With a research interest that focuses on specific types of breast cancer that harbour poor prognosis, Associate Professor Sanjay Warrier's collaborative work will be instrumental in improving the survival rate of patient's in this group.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " After completing pre-med studies at BCIT and the University of BC Okanagan, she completed a four-year medical degree program at Bastyr University in Seattle, Washington in 1996. She has been practicing throughout the South Okanagan since 1997 and has developed an expertise in Chelation, Oxidative therapies and other intravenous therapies plus, anti-aging medicine, bio-identical hormone therapy, heavy metal detoxification, Prolozone pain management, and chronic disease management and prevention.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He currently practices at Buffalo Orthopaedic Groupllp and is affiliated with Sisters of Charity Hospital St Joseph Campus. Dr. Falcone accepts multiple insurance plans including MVP Health Plan, Empire Blue Cross Blue Shield and Medicare. Dr. Falcone also practices at Buffalo Neonatology Associates in Buffalo, NY.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He received his medical degree from University of Kansas School of Medicine and has been in practice between 11-20 years. Dr. Stuckey affiliates with many hospitals and cooperates with doctors and specialists in many medical groups including Fondren Orthopedic Group L.L.P. He is highly experienced in spinal decompression surgery and spinal fusion. He accepts several types of health insurance.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She is a past president of the American College of Gastroenterology and a Professor of Medicine at Mayo Clinic College of Medicine in Arizona. Dr. Foxx-Orenstein is a Consultant in the Division of Gastroenterology and Hepatology, Department of Internal Medicine at the Mayo Clinic in Arizona. She is also the Director of Motility and Director of Constipation and Pelvic Floor Center.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " But there is one year in particular that Dr. Finnegan can recall the details about his patients most vividly. That was the year when the young surgeon found himself in the midst of combat, assigned to the 3rd Marine Division in the northernmost provinces of South Vietnam. From September 1967 to September 1968, Finnegan experienced the war in Vietnam intently and shares his experiences and insights with readers in his memoir, In the Company of Marines.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He is based in Constantiaberg Mediclinic, and is a member of the Cape Town Shoulder and Elbow Unit. He has a wealth of experience in fixing injured cyclists and is an avid mountain biker. He rides as often as his wife and family let him.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He was the first surgeon in the United States to perform human embryonic spinal cord transplant in 1997 and has been the honored guest of neurological societies in Japan, Mexico, Egypt, South Africa and China. Dr. Fessler is on the board of directors for the Society of Minimally Invasive Spine Surgery.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He received his undergraduate degree from Franklin and Marshall College in Pennsylvania and his medical degree from The Johns Hopkins School of Medicine. He completed his orthopedic residency at George Washington Hospital in Washington D.C. and a hand/upper extremity fellowship at St. Lukes/Roosevelt Hospital in New York.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She is the author of Beyond the Mat: Achieve Focus, Presence, and Enlightened Leadership through the Principles and Practice of Yoga. For more information, see www.julierosenbergmd.com.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " She also focuses on hospice and palliative care in her work, so Hoffman administers and prescribes opioids frequently. Part of her talk at these town halls on opioids includes this statistic -", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He serves patients with procedures including facelift, tummy tuck, liposuction and breast augmentation in the Bay Area with offices in San Ramon and Tracy. The practice serves communities including Stockton, Modesto, San Francisco, San Jose, Walnut Creek, Concord, Danville, and Manteca.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He completed his undergraduate degree at the University of Ceylon. After graduating, he was involved in work for prisons, and was also practicing Orthopaedic in Colombo.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He is also a media personality on health-related issues, and best known as CNN\u2019s multiple Emmy Award-winning chief medical correspondent, hosting the network\u2019s weekend [\u2026]", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Schilken is an active member in the sports medicine division. He is presently a team doctor for the Pittsburgh Pirates. He also serves as the team physician for Seton La Salle high school as well as Bethel Park High School. Dr. Schilken has formerly served as the team physician for the Washington Wild Things baseball team, Brentwood and Baldwin high schools.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She completed her undergraduate degree at Westminster College, in Salt Lake City, then continued on to receive her Master of Public Health degree in Epidemiology and Biostatistics from University of Nevada, Las Vegas and her Master of Science degree in Physician Assistant Studies from Le Moyne College in Syracuse, New York.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Using his extensive experience and the latest technological advancements, Dr. Kader provides comprehensive spine care, including minimally invasive techniques and image-guided spine surgery.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She sees patients of all ages in her private practice at Somatic Center Portland and is deeply committed to a patient-centered, root-cause-oriented, nature-honoring approach to healing. She is adjunct faculty at the National University of Natural Medicine, as well as an engaging public speaker, a writer, and a mentor to both medical students and functional medicine physicians. She loves lecturing on the clinical applications of psychedelic medicine and volunteering both as a sitter and medical lead with the Zendo Project. To learn more, visit EricaZelfand.com.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Dr. Steiger graduated from University of Cincinnati College of Medicine in 1960 and has been in practice for 58 years. He completed a residency at Ohio State University Medical Center. Dr. Steiger also specializes in Legal Medicine. He currently practices at Ralph N Steiger MD and is affiliated with La Palma Intercommunity Hospital. Dr. Steiger accepts multiple insurance plans including Aetna, Medicare and Cigna. In addition to English, Dr. Steiger's practice supports this language: Spanish.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " For appropriate candidates who are experiencing lymphedema after breast cancer treatment she offers lymphatic surgery including lymphovenous anastomosis and lymph node transfer. She also performs cosmetic plastic surgery of the breast and body.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Abdo graduated from University of Texas Southwestern Medical Center Southwestern Medical School in 1989 and has been in practice for 28 years. He completed a residency at St Paul Medical Center. Dr. Abdo also specializes in Vascular Surgery. He currently practices at Joseph G Abdo MD PC and is affiliated with Chandler Regional Hospital and Mercy Gilbert Medical Center. Dr. Abdo accepts multiple insurance plans including TRICARE, Aetna and Medicare. Dr. Abdo also practices at Joseph G. Abdo MD PC in Mesa, AZ. In addition to English, Dr. Abdo's practice supports these languages: Arabic and French.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Todd has been in practice for more than 20 years, and his primary clinical focus is the care and treatment of the shoulder joint. He has dedicated his career to helping patients with both chronic degenerative problems and injuries of the shoulder as part of Baldwin Bone & Joint - a group of fellowship-trained orthopedic specialists. For more information, call (251) 625-2663.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She has completed a residency and fellowship in Pediatrics/Neonatology as well as a residency in Preventive Medicine. Dr. Barton is a member of the American College of Lifestyle Medicine. She also holds a master\u2019s degree in Public Health. Dr. Barton is currently the president of Power for Life, a non-profit wellness and philanthropic organization, and is a board member of the Life & Health Network, a health TV channel. She has given talks for numerous organizations and church groups on the subject of healthful living, and has taught at NEWSTART\u2019s Reversing Diabetes program for a number of years.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Her clinical interests include general internal medicine, health for entire family and pediatrics. Dr. Spangenberg is an assistant professor in the Department of Medicine at Loyola University Chicago Stritch School of Medicine. She earned her medical degree at Wayne State University and completed a residency in internal medicine and pediatrics at William Beaumont Hospital. Dr. Spangenberg is board certified in internal medicine and pediatrics.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " She practices in Anchorage, Alaska and has the professional credentials of MD. The NPI Number for Dr. Shirley H Fraser is 1912078833 and she holds a License No. 818 (Alaska).", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " She completed her Bachelor of Arts in Psychology with honors from Long Island University and her Master of Physician Assistant Studies from Hofstra University in Hempstead, New York.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He has a faculty membership with the University of California, Division of Plastic Surgery in San Diego. Mark Mofid has also published for plastic and reconstructive surgery articles and journals on facial and breast cancer. Additionally, he is part of the members having fellowship with the American College of Surgeons and membership with American Board of Plastic Surgery.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She practices in Apo, Armed Forces Europe and has the professional credentials of . The NPI Number for Laura Brodhag is 1194714576 and she holds a License No. 31179 (Tennessee).", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Although she had learned some English during her university years, her real language journey began when she married polyglot and LangFest organizer Tetsu Yung, had 3 little polyglot children (Ronnie, Nika and Akila) and left everything behind in Japan to immigrate to the French-speaking province of Quebec, Canada.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Dr. Brumskine has over two decades of experience practicing medicine in Liberia, Mexico, and the United States in the public health and private practice arenas. She owns and operates her own Family Medicine Practice, where she oversees the health needs of her diverse clients and manages employees, among other tasks. Dr. Brumskine\u2019s practice is presently located in Laurel, Maryland and she is affiliated with the Doctor\u2019s Community Hospital in Lanham, Maryland.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He admits that physicians are too proud to admit when they are wrong. But, this doctor who has performed more than 5,000 open-heart procedures, decided to right the wrong.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She currently works at the University of Minnesota and Children\u2019s Hospitals and Clinics of Minnesota. She has been going to bleeding disorders camp since childhood as a young woman with a bleeding disorder and has a passion for helping young people learn self-reliance and resilience. She earned an MPH in Community Health Education from the University of Minnesota in 1999 and worked as a health educator before going to PA school. She enjoys traveling and has done medical volunteer work in Mexico and China.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Cammack to coordinate excellent orthopedic patient care. Lisa has been working with Dr. Cammack at Twin Cities Orthopedics since 2007. Her responsibilities include assisting in surgery, hospital rounds, patient education, conducting history and physical exams, and writing prescriptions. Lisa currently lives in Minneapolis with her husband and 2 children. In her free time she enjoys spending time with family and friends, reading, biking, skiing and traveling.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Li Bing Mei practices at Ma Kuang Chinese Medicine & Research Centre Pte Ltd (Toa Payoh) in Toa Payoh, Singapore,Ma Kuang Chinese Medicine & Research Centre Pte Ltd (Yishun) in Yishun, Singapore and Ma Kuang Chinese Medicine & Research Centre Pte Ltd (Clementi) in Clementi, Singapore. She completed M Med from Beijing University of Chinese Medicine. Some of the services provided by the her are: Treatment for Ophthalmological and Otolaryngology Disorders,Pregnancy Care,Menstrual Disorders,Treatment for Gastrointestinal Disorders and Treatments for Orthopedic Conditions etc.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He received his medical degree from University of Laval Faculty of Medicine and has been in practice for more than 20 years. Dr. Arcand accepts several types of health insurance, listed below. He is one of 12 doctors at Memorial Hospital of Rhode Island and one of 49 at Miriam Hospital who specialize in Orthopedic Surgery. He also speaks multiple languages, including French.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Andersen graduated from Medical College of Georgia at Augusta University in 1964 and has been in practice for 54 years. He completed a residency at University of Florida Health Shands Hospital. He currently practices at Philip H Andersen MD and is affiliated with Florida Hospital Tampa. Dr. Andersen accepts multiple insurance plans including Medicare, Humana and Cigna.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " For the past 24 years, he has held many leadership positions including serving as Chief of the Division of Plastic Surgery at Cedar-Sinai for ten years as well as numerous teaching capacities. He is passionate about keeping Cedars-Sinai at the leading edge of medical care.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He is able to achieve beautiful and natural results by combining art with science. He is passionate about his work and dedicated to each patient's outcome and well-being. With over 24 years of experience, Dr. Spies is regarded as one of Arizona's most respected Plastic Surgeons. Dr. Spies received his medical degree from the Ohio State University College of Medicine in 1979. He then successfully completed both a general surgery and plastic surgery residency; the latter at the University of Kentucky Medical Center. He is certified by the American Board of Plastic Surgery and a member of the American Society of Plastic Surgeons and the American Society of Aesthetic Plastic Surgery. He has served as an officer in the past for both the Maricopa County Plastic Surgery Society as well as the Arizona Plastic Surgery Society.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He is certified by the American Board of Surgery with a specialty in pediatric surgery. He is the Pediatric Trauma Medical Director as well as Chief Quality Officer at Arnold Palmer Hospital.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Fuller graduated from University of Iowa Roy J & Lucille A Carver College of Medicine in 1979 and has been in practice for 38 years. He completed a residency at Louis A Weiss Memorial Hospital. He currently practices at Medical Associates Clinic and is affiliated with Mercy Hospital Iowa City. Dr. Fuller accepts multiple insurance plans including Wellmark, Medicare and Cigna. In addition to English, Dr. Fuller's practice supports these languages: Spanish and French.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He is a pioneer, and has performed more than a total of 4,500 general surgical operations and currently does about 300 bariatric/metabolic surgical operations every year.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She earned her Graduate Certificate in Public Health Sciences and Masters in Public Health (Epidemiology) from the University of Colorado Denver. She is currently completing her PhD in Clinical Sciences and training in translational medicine at the same university.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Dr. Newcomer graduated from University of Texas Medical Branch School of Medicine in 1993 and has been in practice for 23 years. He currently practices at Urohealth Institute and is affiliated with OSF St Joseph Medical Center. Dr. Newcomer accepts multiple insurance plans including Aetna, Medicare and Humana. Dr. Newcomer also practices at Orthopedic & Sports Medicine Center in Normal, IL. In addition to English, Dr. Newcomer's practice supports this language: Spanish.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He strongly believes that a surgeon\u2019s duty is to provide each and every patient with personalized treatment informed by the latest research and academic thinking.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He also enjoys general orthopedics and treatment of fractures. Dr. Novak believes that taking time to explain to patients their musculoskeletal conditions and treatment choices allows for a faster recovery to the activities and sports they enjoy. Outside of medicine, Dr. Novak enjoys spending time with his family. He also enjoys outdoor recreational activities and traveling. Dr. Novak practices at the Foot and Ankle Center located at Valley Orthopedic Associates' Renton and Covington clinics.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Growing up in Hawaii inspired his passion for photography. He primarily captures pictures of the coastline. Each picture is digitally enhanced to reflect the beauty of the central coast. Bill travels frequently to places like Costa Rica and Belize for missionary work. Besides doing photography he enjoys kite boarding, flying, tennis and bike riding. He also volunteers his time to his local church and to the San Luis Obispo Sheriff\u2019s Department Flying Samaritans for humanitarian medical aide in the aero squadron.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Daigle was born and raised in Baton Rouge. He attended Louisiana State University for his undergraduate education, earned his medical degree at Louisiana Health Science Center in Shreveport. He completed his general surgery residency in Austin, Texas where he was given the award for exemplary service & excellence in patient care. Prior to joining St. Tammany Physicians Network, Dr. Daigle practiced general surgery in Luling.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " These devices measure brain oxygen, temperature, and pressure and are part of the unique pediatric neuroscience intensive care unit he helped found, the first of its kind in New York City. Dr. Greenfield has an active IRB studying the utility of these monitors and also has an interest in the rearrangement of eloquent areas of the brain in severe brain injuries as visualized through the use of diffusion tensor imaging. More about Dr. Greenfield", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " His clinical practice focuses on the comprehensive treatment of the upper extremity, including conditions that affect the shoulder, elbow, wrist and hand. He also has extensive training in treating work injuries and sports injuries. Dr. Iorio has been practicing in the central Ohio market since 2012 and treats patients of all ages.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He is an alumnus of Harvard University where he acquired his undergraduate degree before joining Hopkins University where he obtained a degree in plastic surgery. Dr. Mark Mofid is well experienced in gluteal augmentation having worked for more than eight years in the industry. Apart from his rich education and training background, he is innovative and determined to change the industry for the better.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He is a member of the American Academy of Cosmetic Surgery and the American Society of Cosmetic Breast Surgery. As one of the busiest physicians in the So Cal region, he makes a huge difference in the lives of many. His specialty is body contouring, or the practice of improving the shape and tone of the body. This involves removing excess fat and skin, as well as adding additional support in other areas. An example of a body contouring procedure he specializes in is the breast lift!", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She is a board certified internist and palliative care physician. She completed a fellowship in hospice and palliative medicine at Memorial Sloan Kettering Cancer Center in New York and an internal medicine residency at Albert Einstein College of Medicine in Bronx, New York. She received a medical degree from Topiwala National Medical College at the University of Mumbai, India, and a master\u2019s degree from the Harvard School of Public Health in Boston. In 2014, Dr. Rajpathak was named as an inspirational leader in hospice and palliative medicine under the age of 40 by the American Academy of Hospice and Palliative Medicine.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Board certified in orthopedic surgery, he specializes in joint replacement, including direct anterior approach to hip replacement, osteoarthritis, rotator cuff surgery and sports medicine. Outside the office, Dr. Gardner is an active golfer, runner and scuba diver. He also enjoys hunting, fishing and archery.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He completed his medical school from McGill University and a worked as a Resident of Plastic Surgery from the University of Texas. Certified by the American Board of Plastic Surgery. Dr. H. Jervis is the member of American College of Surgeons (ACS), American Society for Aesthetic Plastic Surgery (ASAPS) and American Society of Plastic Surgeons (ASPS).", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He has also been named as one of the top physicians nationwide in the Guide to America\u2019s Top Physician and America\u2019s Top Plastic Surgeons. Dr. Sun is double board-certified, by both the American Board of Facial Plastic Surgery and the American Board of Otolaryngology. He also serves as a fellow of the American Academy of Cosmetic Surgery and the American Academy of Otolaryngology \u2014 Head and Neck Surgery.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He performs cosmetic surgery for men as well as for for women, from facial rejuvenation, mommy makeovers to breast augmentations. Certified Physician Assistant Tiffany Bankston is qualified in many med spa treatments, from BOTOX and fillers to ThermiVa feminine rejuvenation.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He specializes in the diagnosis and treatment of diseases of the colon, rectum and anus. Dr. Menon\u2019s primary interests include colonoscopy, the treatment of hemorrhoids and the minimally invasive surgical techniques for cancer and diverticulitis. He is a fellow of the American College of Surgeons and is a member of the American Society of Colon and Rectal Surgeons and Northwest Society of Colon and Rectal Surgeons. Dr. Menon's approach with patients is to put himself in their shoes and treat each person as he would want to be treated. He strives to be reassuring, to let his patients know they are not alone, and that he is there to help at every step of their treatment.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He received his medical degree from David Geffen School of Medicine at UCLA and has been in practice for more than 20 years. He is one of 3 doctors at City of Hope Helford Clinical Research Hospital and one of 12 at Huntington Memorial Hospital who specialize in Neurological Surgery. He also speaks multiple languages, including Farsi.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Before she pursued a career as a PA, she worked as a medical assistant at a dermatology clinic. It was there that she discovered her passion for skincare and decided to enroll in the PA program at the University of Texas Health Science Center at San Antonio. While she was working on her medical studies, Kim was able to do clinical rotations with state of the art dermatology clinicians and even transcribed for oculoplastic and MOHs surgeons. One of her favorite community projects during her studies was called Mela-NO-More and aimed at bringing awareness of melanoma to high school students. Mela-No-More was presented to multiple San Antonio, TX high schools highlighting the risks of tanning and tanning beds to forwardly educate the key prevention methods and warning signs of melanoma.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " She has founded a free medical clinic in a homeless shelter, accompanied three medical mission teams to Honduras, and led a non-profit clinic for the uninsured in its growth from a 4-hour per week all-volunteer operation to a full-time, full-service medical center.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " She obtained her bachelor's degree in Athletic Training from the University of Delaware and her master\u2019s degree from Temple University. Barbara continued her graduate education at the University of New England in Maine, where she received a master\u2019s degree in the Physician Assistants program. She has been a Physician Assistant in Dermatology since 2001 and is trained to diagnose most skin conditions and perform many in-office procedures. Barbara is a member of the American Academy of Physician Assistants, Society of Dermatology Physician Assistants and the Tennessee Association of Physician Assistants.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He is a staff orthopedic physician at Greenwich Hospital and is Assistant Attending Physician in Orthopedic Surgery at New York-Presbyterian Hospital. Dr. Miller served as orthopedic consultant to the New York Mets for nine years, attending spring training and regular Major League season games where he oversaw the physical condition of players. Dr. Miller has performed over 1000 total shoulder and reverse shoulder replacements, the most significant breakthrough in shoulder replacement surgery in the last 30 years.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He received his medical degree from Weill Cornell Medical College of Cornell University and has been in practice for 42 years. Dr. Perlman focuses on facial and body plastic surgery achieving natural outcomes.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He is MD from the Kasturba Medical College and a Resident of Plastic and Reconstructive Surgery from Vanderbilt University. He has board-certification of American Board of General and Plastic Surgery and is the member of Fellow American College of Surgeons (FACS). Dr. T. Parikh has hospital affiliation at Overlake Medical Center.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He studied biology at Williams College (Williamstown, MA), graduating cum laude in 1996. He studied medicine Columbia University College of Physicians and Surgeons in New York, graduating with his medical degree in 2000. Dr. Cluett completed a 5-year residency in orthopedic surgery at George Washington University Hospital in Washington, DC, followed by a sports medicine and arthroscopy fellowship with the Santa Monica Orthopaedic & Sports Medicine Group in California.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Having participated in many different research programs in the USA, Canada, and Europe, he is considered a recognised expert in performance medicine and functional training.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " She earned her doctorate in naturopathic medicine from NCNM and a Bachelor of Science in Agriculture from UC Davis. She specializes in allergy treatment, chronic fatigue, hormones, and digestive issues. She writes two blogs: one on natural health topics at www.drsherylwagner.blogspot.com and one on homeopathic treatments for the flu at www.flucaster.com. She has two children and enjoys kayaking, hiking, and tennis.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " At his Mount Elizabeth Novena clinic, he provides specialised and holistic care in sports, adult and paediatric orthopaedics. He specialises in advanced arthroscopic key-hole procedures for the shoulder, elbow, wrist, hip , knee and ankle. He also specialises in paediatric orthopaedics.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. O'Shea graduated from Georgetown University School of Medicine in 1992 and has been in practice for 25 years. He completed a residency at Indiana University School of Medicine. He currently practices at Portland Joint Reconstruction Clinic PC and is affiliated with Providence Portland Medical Center. Dr. O'Shea accepts multiple insurance plans including Aetna, Medicare and PacifiCare (UnitedHealthcare).", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Takacs specializes in total joint replacement, as well as general orthopedic surgery. He is a fellow of the American Academy of Orthopaedic Surgeons and a diplomat of the American Board of Orthopaedic Surgery. Dr. Takacs received his medical degree from Case Western Reserve Medical School in Cleveland, and completed his residency at Case Western Reserve Medical School Department of Orthopaedic Surgery and University Hospitals of Cleveland.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He has played an active part in the development of international cancer programmes. By placing emphasis on training young physicians in multidisciplinary approaches to cancer, he has laid sound foundations for future progress in cancer control.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He specializes in breast augmentation, breast reductions, facelifts, eyelifts, Botox and Juvederm. Working out of the renowned Lasky Clinic in Beverly Hills.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " During this month, he visits the Virgen de la Caridad (VCMC) Medical Centre from Cartagena. Renowned for its rhinoplasty surgeries and professionalism, he is a member of the prestigious American Society...", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He has been recognized for an unparalleled record of success and believes that the greatest asset of any organization is not its product or services, but its people. His evidence-based, analytical approach to problem-solving is tempered by a thoughtful, caring, inquisitive character that enjoys a good challenge.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He has advanced experiences in cosmetic dentistry. He was also featured in the guide of top American Dentists. Doctor Drobes resides in Parkland, Florida, and he will share the importance of good nutrition and why he educates his patients about Juice Plus+ to secure the missing link to great health.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She has published poetry in various journals, including The Nation, Connecticut Review, Oxford Poetry, Innisfree Poetry and Reflections (Yale journal), has been nominated twice for a Pushcart prize, and has read in European and American universities and other venues. Her book of poems, Out of Order, is available online; additional links (and readings with music by P. Jordan) are at: http://info.med.yale.edu/neurosci/faculty/manuelidis_poetry.html.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Tan Pit Lian practices at Choon Young Clinic \u6625\u9633\u836f\u623f in Paya Lebar, Singapore. She completed Diploma in TCM from Singapore Chinese Physicians' Training College, Singapore in 1970. Some of the services provided by the her are: Pain Management Counseling,TuiNa,Women's Health,Respiratory Conditions and Skin Conditions etc.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Dr. Pfeifer graduated from University of Medicine & Dentistry of New Jersey Robert Wood Johnson Medical School in 1981 and has been in practice for 36 years. He completed a residency at Umdnj. Dr. Pfeifer also specializes in Trauma Surgery. He currently practices at Berkshire Professional Services and is affiliated with Berkshire Medical Center. Dr. Pfeifer accepts multiple insurance plans including Aetna, Harvard Pilgrim and Tufts Health Plan. In addition to English, Dr. Pfeifer's practice supports this language: Spanish.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " For years, individuals have went to his practice from all through the Dominican Republic plus the U . S . and surrounding countries. He has earned a really good reputation due to his reliability, experience, and outstanding results.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He has an experience of 10 years in this field during which time he has treated many patients. Columbia 10632 Little patuxent Parkway, suite 219. Columbia, md 21044, rockville 3203 Tower oaks Blvd, suite 200. Rockville, md 20852, annapolis 129 Lubrano Drive, suite 101, annapolis, md 21401. Mclean 6845 Elm Street, suite 205, mcLean, va 22101.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Konkel graduated from Marquette Medical School in 1982 and has been in practice for 36 years. He completed a residency at Medical College of Wisconsin. He currently practices at Aurora Health Center-Germantown, South Building and is affiliated with Aurora Medical Center Kenosha, Aurora Medical Center Washington County and Aurora Memorial Hospital of Burlington. Dr. Konkel accepts multiple insurance plans including Aetna, Medicare and Blue Cross Blue Shield of Illinois. Dr. Konkel also practices at Advanced Healthcare Menomonee Falls Clinic in Menomonee Falls, WI.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Marra graduated from Columbia University College of Physicians & Surgeons in 1992 and has been in practice for 25 years. Dr. Marra also specializes in Sports Medicine. He currently practices at Ohio Valley Medical Center Emergency Medicine and is affiliated with Ohio Valley Medical Center. Dr. Marra accepts multiple insurance plans including Aetna, Medicare and Cigna.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " His clinical interests include Legg-Calve-Perthes, pediatric and adolescent hip disorders including hip dysplasia; pediatric foot disorders including clubfeet; and pediatric fractures and trauma.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She practices in Fpo, Armed Forces Europe and has the professional credentials of M.D.. The NPI Number for Dr. Jeanne Poitras Mitchell is 1861602302 and she holds a License No. D0064131 (Maryland).", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " She was a Senior Clinical Research Fellow in Gluaocma sevices of the Dept of Clinical Neurosciences, University of Geneva, and Senior Research Associate at Dr R P Centre for Ophthalmic Sciences, AIIMS, New Delhi. She is the Managing Editor of the Journal of Current Glaucoma Practice, the official journal of the International Society of Glaucoma Surgery.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Rhoten takes care of clients as if they are his family, ensuring they receive fast and effective treatment. For more info: https://www.groupon.com/biz/beverly-hills-ca/rl-...", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He deals with all manner of sports injuries, but he has found success and name recognition in the past several years as the gamers and esports doctor. Harrison notes that the gaming injuries he sees are not strictly limited to professional gamers; his youngest patient was eight years old and his oldest patient 90. Video games are not only AAA titles on consoles and PC rigs but also apps on smartphones. They are online poker and blackjack websites. They are educational titles for small children.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He specializes in bariatric surgery, with special emphasis on laparoscopic gastric bypass, laparoscopic sleeve gastrectomy, and revisional procedures. Dr. Panait also has a particular interest in robotic and other minimally invasive surgical techniques with applications to the treatment of benign gallbladder disease, hematologic disorders of the spleen, abdominal wall and hiatal hernias, gastro-esophageal reflux disease, achalasia and gastroparesis.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " It is her goal to treat the underlying cause of disease and not just address symptoms. As a practitioner she creates a personalized treatment plan for each patient to help them regain balance and health in their lives. She believes there is no greater honor or privilege than facilitating the process of healing; to bear witness, to reach out a hand, and to share the burden for someone who is suffering.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Dr Lin has expertise in the treatment of cerebrovascular disorders including aneurysms, AVMs, carotid stenosis, cavernous malformations, Moyamoya disease, intracranial atherosclerotic disease, and intracranial hemorrhage. He also specializes in the treatment of brain and spinal tumors, pituitary tumors, and Chiari malformations. Dr Lin sees patients and performs surgery at New York-Presbyterian/Weill Cornell Medical Center and New York Hospital Queens, which is a member of the New York-Presbyterian Healthcare System and an affiliate of Weill Cornell Medical College.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Toy began performing direct anterior total hip replacement surgery at the Campbell Surgery Center in 2013. He completed his fellowship in orthopedic oncology at the University of Florida in Gainesville. Dr. Toy is also team physician for the University of Memphis Athletics.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " An aspiring physician-scientist in pediatric bone marrow transplant, she strives to promote an environment in which she and her peers can succeed in academic medical careers regardless of their demographic factors. Boiko previously led a team of medical students in studying the gender profiles of grand rounds speakers and published findings from their research in the Journal of the American Medical Association (JAMA) last spring. Additionally, she serves on the Association of American Medical Colleges Group on Women in Medicine and Science\u2019s task force.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " She is also a professor in pediatrics at the University of Washington School of Medicine and associate in the clinical research division at Fred Hutchinson Cancer Research Center.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " She has lived in Tuscarawas County for most of her life, and she is a graduate of Indian Valley High School. Currently, she and her husband reside at New Philadelphia.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " She cared for all ages and genders in outpatient, hospital, group home, urgent care, and nursing home settings. She attended Union College in Schenectady, NY and went on to Daemen College in Amherst, NY where she graduated with her BS in Health Science with a minor in biology. She earned her MS in Physician Assistant Studies in 2005, also from Daemen College.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Francis and Wesley Medical Center. He received his medical degree from Louisiana State University School of Medicine in New Orleans and has been in practice between 11-20 years. Dr. Howes accepts several types of health insurance, listed below. He is one of 36 doctors at Via Christi Hospital on St. Francis and one of 43 at Wesley Medical Center who specialize in Surgery.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He received his medical degree from Columbia University College of Physicians & Surgeons and has been in practice for more than 30 years. Dr. Edeen was a guest on episode 95.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Lincoln North Mountain Hospital. He received his medical degree from University of Iowa Carver College of Medicine and has been in practice for 10 years. He is one of 6 doctors at John C. Lincoln North Mountain Hospital who specialize in Neurological Surgery.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She received her undergraduate degree from Skidmore College, and her medical training from the Massachusetts College of Pharmacy and Health Sciences. She is a member of the National Commission on Certification of Physician Assistants (NCCPA) and the American Academy of Physician\u2019s Assistants (AAPA).", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " She practices in Amory, Mississippi and has the professional credentials of M.D.. The NPI Number for Laura L Marion is 1235497645 and she holds a License No. 75979 (Georgia).", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " She practices in Anchorage, Alaska and has the professional credentials of MD. The NPI Number for Laura Stansell Merriman is 1902932023 and she holds a License No. 7873 (Alaska).", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " She joined Family Practice Center and began her career as a physician assistant in 2007. Erin currently sees patients in Loysville, PA. </p> <p><strong>Education:</strong></p> <ul> <li>MS &ndash; Physician Assistant Studies, Arcadia University, Glenside, PA</li> <li>BS &ndash; Health Science/Psychology Minor, Lock Haven University, Lock Haven, PA</li> </ul> <p><strong>Certification: </strong></p> <ul> <li>National Commission on Certificatio", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Dr. Burnette graduated from University of Alabama School of Medicine in 1985 and has been in practice for 32 years. He completed a residency at University of Birmingham - Birmingham AL. He currently practices at Middle Georgia Surgical and is affiliated with Coliseum Northside Hospital and Phoebe Putney Memorial Hospital. Dr. Burnette accepts multiple insurance plans including Aetna, Medicare and Humana.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Tracy received her Bachelor of Arts in Kinesiology/Athletic Medicine from California State University in Northridge, California and Master of Science in Physician Assistant Studies at A.T. Still University in Mesa, Arizona. In addition, she holds a Bachelor of Science Biology from the University of California in Los Angeles, California. Tracy is a Physician Assistant faculty member at A.T. Still University in Mesa, Arizona, and holds professional affiliations with the American Academy of Physician Assistants, Arizona State Association of Physician Assistants and the Academy of Family Practice Physician Assistants.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He earned his medical degree, completed his neurological residency and conducted his spine fellowship training at the State University of New York School of Medicine. Dr. Yusupov is a member of the American Association of Neurological Surgeons, Congress of Neurological Surgeons, AO Spine International and North American Spine Society.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " At 22 he graduated from medicine and married. When he was 25 his first child was born, then another at 28 and 32. At 29 he was the youngest individual to pass his surgical fellowship.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Barnthouse graduated from University of Kansas School of Medicine in 1985 and has been in practice for 32 years. He currently practices at Joseph R Barnthouse MD and is affiliated with Menorah Medical Center and Saint Luke's South Hospital. Dr. Barnthouse accepts multiple insurance plans including TRICARE, Medicare and Cigna.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " With a career that has spanned nearly 20 years, Dr. Wallace brings a wealth of expertise to Ritacca Cosmetic Surgery & Medspa. He closely collaborates with patients to help them achieve their weight-loss goals through procedures like Orbera and Obalon. This personalized approach also includes nutritional coaching, wellness programs, and more.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " His ways of coping with loses is found out by his roommate/best friend's boyfriend's best friend/partner when he drops by to pick something up. M for mature themes.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She practices in Concord, New Hampshire and has the professional credentials of PA-C. The NPI Number for Janet A Smith is 1285653659 and she holds a License No. 0476 (New Hampshire).", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He is certified by the American Board of Plastic Surgeons under the American Board of Medical Specialties. Dr. Steinbrech spent eight years training at New York University in General and Plastic surgery in addition to extensive research. He believes in the philosophy of Minimally Invasive Aesthetics. Dr. Steinbrech specializes in minimally invasive techniques such Facelifts, Neck Lifts, Botox, C men's aesthetics, Pec implants, Jawline recountouring, high definition liposuction and \"daddy do-overs.\"", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He started out in family practice and emergency room work and later went into private practice again in New Hampshire in a neuromusculoskeletal specialty practice.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He was hosted by the Aleppo City Medical Council, which was founded in 2012 by medical professionals committed to the armed revolution in Syria, which sought to overthrow the Syrian government of Pres. Bashar Assad.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Carson, who had hung around gangs and struggled during his early school years but excelled in higher education, received the Presidential Medal of Freedom, the highest civilian award in the USA. His auto-biography, Gifted Hands, is also available as a DVD.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " For the past decade, he has been a member of the surgical faculty at Vanderbilt University, where he combines research with the clinical practice of surgery and teaches on the importance of the patient's narrative in medicine. Pearson's debut novel, Rupture, won top honors in the new fiction category of the National Indie Excellence 2010 Awards. Visit Scott's Website", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Her work focuses on promoting resilience for people who are ill, aging, dying, or stressed by environmen- tal and humanitarian violation. Dr. Williams is a member of the National Writers Union, and an affiliate of the International Federation of Journalists. September's nonfiction writing is about bioethics and film. A graduate of the University of Winnipeg Collegiate Division, September has a BSc. in Zoology from the University of Manitoba, attended Creighton University School of Medicine, and completed an internal medicine residency at Cook County Hospital. Among other clinical fellowships, Dr. Williams is a former Lowell T. Coggleshall Fellow at the University of Chicago MacLean Center for Clinical Medical Ethics. She studied film and screenwriting in the MFA program at Columbia College, Chicago and Boston University, and was a National Endowment for the Humanities Institute fellow in film.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " She was raised in Acme, Pennsylvania and graduated from Connellsville Area High School. She is married to Matt Miller, a pharmacist, who is also a Connellsville graduate. Ashleigh received her undergraduate degree in Neuroscience from the Johns Hopkins University, in Baltimore, Maryland. She subsequently worked as a science educator, in Atlanta, Georgia prior to earning her Master of Science, Physician Assistant degree from Seton Hill University in 2012.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He completed medical school at the Medical College of Wisconsin and graduated with honors in research distinction. He then completed his internship and orthopaedic surgery residency at the University of New Mexico. Dr. Evans next completed a hand and upper extremity fellowship at the University of Virginia within the orthopaedic and plastic surgery departments. His training emphasis included complex hand and upper extremity trauma, peripheral nerve conditions, microsurgery, wrist arthroscopy, treatment of hand and wrist arthritis, and sports-related injuries of the hand, wrist and elbow. Dr. Evans' clinical interests include minimally invasive techniques and traditional hand and wrist surgical procedures. He strives to recognize the unique needs and expectations of each individual patient and places their satisfaction at the forefront of his practice.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Koziol graduated from University of Medicine & Dentistry of New Jersey Robert Wood Johnson Medical School in 1983 and has been in practice for 34 years. He completed a residency at Umdnj. He currently practices at Dr Otakar Hubschmann and is affiliated with Saint Barnabas Medical Center. In addition to English, Dr. Koziol's practice supports this language: Spanish.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Messerschmidt and his team at the Wellmont CVA Heart Institute perform coronary artery bypass grafting and valve replacements, as well as surgery to correct heart rhythm problems and enlarged arteries in the heart and chest.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " His interests include surgery for weight loss and diabetes, acid reflux disease, gallstones, hernia repair and surgical emergencies. He is a Fellow of the Royal College of Surgeons and holds a Master of Surgery title for his research thesis. He is a member of the British Obesity and Metabolic Surgery Society, the International Federation of Surgery for Obesity, the Association of Upper GI Surgeons and the American Society for Metabolic and Bariatric Surgery.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He is also a witty, scrupulous writer. In \"The Ratchet of Science\" he inquiries into the ambiguous blessings of medical-scientific progress. Drawing on the wide spectrum of fundamental and technical advances, Calne points to the social, human cost which these entail. The calm, at time ironic analyses which he presents make this little book a classic. It deserves the widest possible read ship.\" - George Steiner, Literary Critic, Essayist, Philosopher, Novelist, and Educator", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He specializes in hip, knee, trauma and osseointegration surgery. He has a keen interest in Revision Hip and Knee Arthroplasty (Joint Replacements), especial Total/Partial Femur Replacements. He is also a research scholar of the University of Notre Dame, Australia and prominent member of the Osseointegration Group of Australia.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She grew up in Pepperell, Mass., and became interested in medicine while in high school. She didn\u2019t decide on a career as a physician assistant until her senior year in college. Physician assistants are state-licensed healthcare professionals who practice a wide range of medical services under the supervision of a doctor. Rowse was an athlete in high school and college, and she has a special interest in the musculoskeletal system. Surgical was her favorite rotation during her clinical training, so orthopedics felt like a good fit, she said.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Dr. Matthews graduated from Sidney Kimmel Medical College in 1978 and has been in practice for 30 years. He completed a residency at Cleveland Clinic Health System. He currently practices at Kaiser Permanente Medical Center and is affiliated with Kaiser Permanente San Jose Medical Center. Dr. Matthews accepts multiple insurance plans including Medicare, Blue Cross of California and Blue Cross Blue Shield. Dr. Matthews also practices at Kaiser Permanente Medical Center in San Jose, CA. In addition to English, Dr. Matthews's practice supports these languages: Spanish, Vietnamese and Russian.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He is also Professor of Surgery at the Sydney Adventist Hospital Clinical School of the University of Sydney. He has published widely in major urological journals. He is an Associate Editor of the journal Prostate Cancer Prostatic Diseases and serves on the journal editorial boards of European Urology, BJUI, Prostate International, Asian Journal of Urology and World Journal of Men\u2019s Health. He also serves on the board of the charitable Australian Urological Foundation(AUF) and is a member of the Executive Committee of the Asian Pacific Prostate Society (APPS). He is passionate about clinical trials and procuring the best evidenced based options for his patients. He also has particular interests in surgical education and the role of social media in learning and health advocacy", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Ms. Cheng Yam Siang practices at Xu Yang Acupuncture & TCM Clinic in Sembawang, Singapore. She completed Diploma in TCM from Singapore College of TCM, Singapore in 2004. Some of the services provided by the her are: Cupping Therapy,Back Pain Physiotherapy,Men's Health,Skin Conditions and Women's Health etc.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He based his practice in Eatontown, New Jersey. He was born in Palestine in a family of eight and raised in Kuwait. He joined Cairo University, School of Medicine for his first undergraduate degree and graduated top of his [\u2026]", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Because of the beautiful weather, he often treats men suffering from gynecomastia, or \u201cman boobs\u201d. Man boobs are a combination of fat and gland. It can be caused by genetics and/or other reasons like overuse of steroids, marjuana, and more.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She has a strong passion for childhood education and has been committed to various school initiatives including the Gala Committee and Parent Auxiliary.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Dr. Bellapianta graduated from Albany Medical College in 2004 and has been in practice for 11 years. He currently practices at Bellapianta Orthopaedics & Sports Medici and is affiliated with Clara Maass Medical Center and Meadowlands Hospital Medical Center. Dr. Bellapianta accepts multiple insurance plans including MVP Health Plan, Aetna and Empire Blue Cross Blue Shield. Dr. Bellapianta also practices at Essex Orthopaedic Group PC in Belleville, NJ.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Muscat graduated from University of Texas Health Science Center at San Antonio Long School of Medicine in 1989 and has been in practice for 29 years. He completed a residency at University of Texas Health Science Center San Antonio. He currently practices at UT Physicians Orthopedics and is affiliated with Kingwood Medical Center and Memorial Hermann Northeast. Dr. Muscat accepts multiple insurance plans including Aetna, Medicare and Humana. Dr. Muscat also practices at UT Physicians Orthopedics in Humble, TX. In addition to English, Dr. Muscat's practice supports these languages: Spanish and Vietnamese.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He qualified in London in 1990 and underwent basic surgical training in London, Stanmore and Canterbury. In 1995, he was appointed to St Mary's Hospital, Paddington as a higher surgical trainee in orthopaedics and trauma. The circuit involved training in Ascot, Harrow, Reading and Stanmore in addition to Central London.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He completed his medical degree at the University of Sydney and travelled to Foothills Hospital in Calgary, Canada and to UCLA in Los Angeles, USA to undertake fellowships in Stereotactic and Functional Neurosurgery and Stereotactic Radiosurgery respectively. Dr Jonker holds a masters degree in epidemiology.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He is convinced that if his clients found out he was gay they would all leave his practice and he would have to abandon the work he loves. When he meets Jake, a man who is totally out, all of Lance\u2019s perceptions about being \u201cout\u201d are challenged.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She has received many awards and distinctions from many countries throughout the world for her efforts and has been repeatedly nominated for the Nobel Peace Prize. Her struggle is not political, but humanistic, apolitical. Her aim is to stop the torturers and help the tortured.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He\u2019s performed hundreds of surgeries which have undoubtedly saved many lives, but the courts heard on Wednesday he left his mark in more ways than one.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She practices in Anniston, Alabama and has the professional credentials of M.D.. The NPI Number for Vishala Chindalore is 1083635015 and she holds a License No. 00020712 (Alabama).", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He has an AB degree from Harvard, an MD from Albany Medical College and an MBA in Healthcare Administration from Regis University. He completed a surgery residency at the University of Virginia, an NIH postdoctoral fellowship in cardiovascular surgery and a thoracic surgery residency at the University of Michigan. He has had board certification in both Surgery and Thoracic Surgery. He has held Medical Director positions at Boston Scientific, Hospira and AbbVie, and has consulted for a number of large and small biotechnology companies and CROs. He has extensive experience in Medical Affairs, Clinical Development, Quality, Safety, Risk Management and Pharmacovigilance.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He currently has a private practice at Mount Elizabeth Novena Hospital where he specializes in joint replacement, particularly computer-assisted Orthopaedic Surgery.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He graduated from Baskent University school of medicine at 2006. He completed his surgical residency program at Hacettepe University School of Medicine, department of general surgery. He was a visiting research fellow in the Surgical Oncology Department at MGH.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Duncan graduated from Indiana University School of Medicine in 1998 and has been in practice for 20 years. Dr. Duncan also specializes in Spine Surgery. He currently practices at Central Indiana Orthopedics PC and is affiliated with IU Health Ball Memorial Hospital. Dr. Duncan accepts multiple insurance plans including Aetna, SIHO Insurance Services and Indiana University. Dr. Duncan also practices at Central Indiana Orthopedics PC in Anderson, IN.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He founded Bossier Orthopedic Clinic/Orthopedic Specialists of Louisiana in 1991 and he continues to help patients from his private practice to this day.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " But what got him there was wholly different from what is being offered to many ghetto youths today, much of which is not merely futile but counterproductive.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He lives and works in Denver. Dr Vernon is a founding member of SurgOne, PC, and Medical Director of the Centura Transplant Center at Porter Adventist Hospital. He is a former president of the Colorado Medical Society and currently serves as the co-chair of the CMS Ad Hoc Workgroup on Patient Safety and Professional Accountability. Dr Vernon, his partners at SurgOne, and colleagues in the CMS are dedicated to making Colorado the safest state in the nation for health care.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " A valuable member of The Peer Group, Dr. Starker is trained in the latest surgical methods and technologies, from lasers and endoscopic surgery, to ultrasound and reconstructive techniques. He strives to create natural, long-lasting benefits by treating the face, breast and body.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Alongside his responsibilities as president of the center, Dr. Tomes also serves as the medical director of the Nebraska Sports Concussion Network, an organization that connects schools with sports concussion testing programs for competitive athletes. He earned his medical degree at University of Nebraska College of Medicine in Omaha, where he also completed residency training in neurological surgery.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She is interested in efforts to improve the safety of pregnancy and childbirth for women all over the world. She has been on the Medical Advisory Board for 3 years and went to Haiti with VHP in early 2017. She is an avid bicyclist and hiker and enjoys music and the arts.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Dr. Lay attended medical school at the University of Texas in Galveston. He later completed his Head & Neck surgery training during his Otolaryngology residency in Springfield, IL. It was there that Dr. Lay acquired his special skills in facial plastic and eyelid surgery. He later went on to complete a Facial Plastic Surgery fellowship in Los Altos, CA with Dr. Mittelman where he polished his skills in facelift and chin implant surgeries. Over the last 5 years Dr. Lay has performed surgeries in Asia, and has been an invited speaker at numerous meetings and training programs around the world. Dr. Lay is dedicated to his local community and the medical community. He volunteers his time and expertise at area health institutions, coaches football, and teaches medical students and resident surgeons in training.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Dannenmaier graduated from University of Chicago Pritzker School of Medicine in 1980 and has been in practice for 38 years. He completed a residency at University Hospital of Arkansas. He currently practices at Samg Lundholm Orthopedics and is affiliated with SwedishAmerican Health System. Dr. Dannenmaier accepts multiple insurance plans including Aetna, Medicare and Cigna. In addition to English, Dr. Dannenmaier's practice supports this language: Spanish.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " As a Lieutenant Colonel in the Air Force Reserves, he is coach and captain of their marathon team and designing programs to reduce running injuries in military personnel. His passion for health extends beyond the walls of the clinic into the medical home\u2019s \u201cbackyard\u201d- the trails and open space that create the arena for optimum wellness.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " A graduate of Georgetown University and Georgetown University School of Medicine, Washington, D.C., she did her General Surgery training at St. Vincent's Medical Center of New York. Dr. Nickodem returned to Georgetown University Hospital for her Plastic Surgery residency. She is a member of numerous professional societies including the American Society of Plastic Surgery, American College of Surgeons.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " This is a dental specialty that involves the prevention, diagnosis, treatment of gum diseases and the placement of dental implants. Dr Wang received his basic dental training from the University of London where he also attained an honours degree in Microbiology. He then worked in the private dental sector and hospital dentistry prior to embarking on a three-year full-time Periodontics training program at the renowned Eastman Dental Institute treating patients with a wide range of complex gum diseases. He has completed his examinations with the Royal College of Surgeons of Edinburgh and holds a Diploma of Restorative Dentistry in Periodontics.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He has started a private practice in 1987 in Bombay also associated with his father's practice, who was an orthopedic surgeon (till 1996). He is currently associated with Conwest & Manjula S. Badani Jain Hospital, Mumbai.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " A graduate of Yale University, the University of Pennsylvania, and Columbia University with degrees in biological psychology, medicine, and epidemiology, she has published over fifty nonfiction articles and book chapters. She is fluent in Spanish and French, literate in Latin, and has a passable knowledge of Italian. Dr. Winawer lives with her spouse and their three young children in Brooklyn, New York. The Scribe of Siena is her first novel.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Double fellowship trained in both Orthopaedic Sports Medicine and Hand and Upper Extremity, Dr. Avery brings with him a unique skill set to the Birmingham area.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She is board certified in both general pediatrics and pediatric infectious diseases. Gidengil trained as a resident in pediatrics at Hasbro Children's Hospital and Brown University. She completed further training in pediatric infectious diseases at Boston Children's Hospital and Harvard Medical School, where she joined the division as faculty in 2009. Her research training includes the Harvard Pediatric Health Services Research Fellowship Program. Gidengil earned her M.P.H. in clinical effectiveness from the Harvard School of Public Health and both her B.Sc. in psychology and M.D. from McGill University.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " As a pediatric neurologist, Dr. Gust is interested in optimizing neurologic and developmental outcomes in children with cancer. She is currently working to better understand, prevent and treat neurologic side effects of CAR T-cell therapy for blood cancers, and on developing immunotherapies for pediatric brain tumors.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " She practices in Tamuning, Guam and has the professional credentials of M.D. A.P.C.. The NPI Number for Dr. Rory Platt is 1396963328 and she holds a License No. 332 (Guam).", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Her research focus is health information technology research and policy. She is currently leading an effort to assess the evidence base for Project ECHO, an effort in which specialists use videoconferencing to train generalists to increase access and capacity in health care. She is also working on a project to integrate housing and medical data for patients with HIV and is involved in another large CMS contract working to standardize reporting from post-acute care settings, focusing on medication reconciliation. She also helped design a roadmap for the Chilean Ministry of the Economy for health information technology planning in that country.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " She has over 30 years of experience in medical and health care research. In addition to her role as a clinician, she has developed many specialties, including health care program evaluation, health care quality\u2026", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He is well known as one of the premier plastic surgeons in South Florida for his breakthrough procedures and treatment methods, as well as having patients from across the country who travel miles to undergo his treatments.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Kirker-Head\u2019s research interests include bone, tendon, ligament, and cartilage growth, grafting and remodeling. He is also involved in research on orthopedic device development. Read More", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She practices in San Diego, California and has the professional credentials of M.D.. The NPI Number for Dr. Shira Abeles is 1720240625 and she holds a License No. A103260 (California).", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Dr. Lam Poh Huat practices at Etern Medical Clinic in Punggol, Singapore. He completed MBBS from National University of Singapore, Singapore in 1997 and Diploma in Family Medicine (DFM) from National University of Singapore, Singapore in 2011. He is a member of Singapore Medical Council. Some of the services provided by the doctor are: Vaccination/ Immunization,Skin Checks,Health Checkup (General),Health screening and Preventive Medicine etc.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He was a appointed a doctor by the University of Nijmegen in 1986. After he did military service, he followed a course to become a surgeon in Rotterdam in the Erasmus Medical Centre. In 1995 he was appointed a surgeon and in 1997 a vascular surgeon. His focus is mainly on minimal invasion vascular surgery. From 2008, he is appointed a vascular surgeon at Catharina Hospital. In 2017 he was appointed a full professor at Eindhoven University of Technology on the faculty Biomedical Engineering.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Previously, Dr. Davis was Medical Director and Director of Community Health at the Casey Health Institute and was also a family physician at a federally qualified health center in Maryland. As a White House Fellow at the U.S. Department of Agriculture, she established relationships among leaders of Federally Qualified Health Centers and the Women, Infants, and Children Nutrition Program. Dr. Davis received her degree in medicine from the University of Connecticut and her Master of Public Health from Johns Hopkins University.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Upon obtaining his undergraduate degree from the University of Western Australia in 1979, he received his General Surgical Fellowship from the Australasian College of Surgeons in 1988.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Kassidy received her undergraduate degree in from Baylor University in Waco, TX. She completed her Masters of Physician Assistant Studies at George Washington University in Washington, DC in 2005.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " She has written and published articles in medical journals, contributed to books, served as editor of a special issue on violence in older women, and serves on the editorial board of two medical/social science journals.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He specialises in treating colorectal diseases and has a strong interest in minimally invasive colorectal surgery, advanced therapeutic endoscopy, such as gastroscopy and colonoscopy, and anal diseases like piles and abscesses.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Hyde's expertise is in both open and minimally invasive surgical techniques. Besides performing surgical interventions, Dr. Hyde performs diagnostic and therapeutic injections for varying spinal disorders as part of conservative non-operative spinal care. He is Board Certified by the American Board of Orthopaedic Surgery. Dr Hyde earned his undergraduate degree in biological sciences from Cornell University. His degree in medicine was from the State University of New York at Stony Brook. His first fellowship in Spinal Surgery was at the renowned Texas Back Institute.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He has been in practice for over 30 years. A native of Chesterfield, SC, Dr. Leppard currently has served as chief of the medical staff for Providence Hospitals, board member for the Sisters of Charity Health System and is a part of the prestigious Society of St. Luke at Providence Health. Dr. Leppard championed the development of Providence Heart Institute\u2019s Life Reach helicopter program in 1985, which transports critically ill heart patients, burn victims and trauma victims across the state and beyond. In addition, he has served in numerous leadership roles at Providence Health including Chief of Staff and Board member. Dr. Leppard received his medical degree from the Medical University of South Carolina. He completed residencies at Louisiana State University and completed his fellowship at Emory University Hospital.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He is internationally recognized for his expertise in foot and ankle reconstruction and his contributions to new surgical techniques and designs of orthopedic devices.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Sullivan is on the medical staff of the Cleft and Craniofacial Center at Hasbro Children's Hospital. Sullivan received his medical degree from the University of Washington School of Medicine in Seattle, WA; and his master's in public health from Harvard School of Public Health in Cambridge, MA. He has completed fellowships at the Fred Hutchinson Cancer Research Center in Seattle and Children's Hospital Boston.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She practices in Pago Pago, American Samoa and has the professional credentials of MBBS. The NPI Number for Mrs. Ianeta Liaina is 1366835142 and she holds a License No. 2084A (American Samoa).", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He grew up in the Persian Jewish community of Iran. However, at age 15 he and his brother were forced to leave the Iranian community after the 1979 Iranian Revolution. Dr. Samadi attended Stony Brook University where he attained a degree in biochemistry. In 1994 he received his degree from the Stony Brook School of Medicine. Dr. Samadi also attained post graduate training in Urology at Monteflore Medical Center in 2000.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Eickmann earned his medical degree and completed his residency training at Loma Linda (Calif.) University School of Medicine. He practices with Cornerstone Orthopedics in Denver.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He is a fellow of the American Academy of Orthopedic Surgeons. His practice interests include general orthopedics and sports medicine, with a specific focus on total knee replacement; knee arthroscopy and repair; fracture repair; hand problems; shoulder bursitis and shoulder surgery.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He was drawn to general surgery early in medical school because it allows him to be hands on in the treatment of acute problems, helping to resolve a patient's problem quickly, and he enjoys the opportunity to care for a variety of conditions from head to toe. Born and raised in Memphis, Tennessee, he came to Mississippi for his medical degree and internship and returned to Tennessee to complete his residency training in general surgery.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She is based in Raleigh, NC, where she specializes in surgical hair restoration. In her new role as Medical Advisor to Hair Club, she will share her expertise to help educate men and women about hair loss and what solutions are available to them.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Certified in plastic reconstructive and esthetic surgery with over 22 years of experience, he obtained his MD degree at University Laval in Quebec City; after which he completed training in both General and Plastic surgery at McGill University. He then did sub specialty training in Hand and Reconstructive micro surgery as well as tissue engineering at the Medical College of Wisconsin in Milwaukee, WI as well as Harvard Medical School in Boston, MA.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He annually performs more than 500 total joint replacement procedures. Dr. Fisher is devoted to providing the best possible service to his patients and has maintained a massive outcomes data repository throughout his career.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He serves as the Sorcerer Supreme, and defends Earth from magical and mystical threats. Strange possesses several magical items, including the Cloak of Levitation that allows him to fly. In addition, he draws powers from mystical beings that enhance his abilities as a sorcerer.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Mark Mofid was an undergraduate from Harvard University and graduated with Magna cum laude. Dr. Mark Mofid also completed all of his research and training at John Hopkins University of Medicine. Currently, Dr. Mark Mofid is an on-staff surgeon at several hospital locations including Scripps Memorial Hospital, Sharp Chula Vista Medical Center, and Palomar Medical Center in Escondido. Aside from his residencies at these hospital locations, Dr. Mark Mofid is also a clinical faculty member at the University of California in the Plastic Surgery division.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He is an affiliate member of the American Academy of Orthopaedic Surgeons since 2007. He has studied and graduated from one of the most renowned, oldest and academically strongest universities in Egypt; Ain Shams University. He got appointed to receive his training in this same university teaching hospital in a very prominent Orthopaedic surgery department hosting with more than 120 beds and 6 dedicated Orthopaedic surgical theaters.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Taylon offers expertise in spine surgery procedures, with fellowship training from Johns Hopkins University Department of Neurosurgery in complex and reconstructive spine. He has also completed an enfolded spine fellowship with Medical University of South Carolina Department of Orthopaedic Surgery and Neurosurgery. Dr. Taylon has been an active researcher and has presented on and authored multiple works on the topic of minimally invasive spine procedures, specifically for the treatment of thoraco-lumbar traumatic spine fractures.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Stern is on the clinical faculty at Weill Cornell Medical College and has published numerous peer- and non peer\u2013 reviewed medical articles. He lives and practices in White Plains, New York.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Upon graduation from the Hull York Medical School in England, as one of the youngest doctors in the UK at the time, Dr. Ola, as she is fondly called, worked for nearly ten years in the National Health Service (NHS) UK before coming back to Nigeria to pursue her dream.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He has practiced in Washington state since 2011 and has trained under some of the world\u2019s leading orthopedic knee and ACL surgeons. Dr. Schkrohowsky earned his medical degree from The Johns Hopkins University School of Medicine and completed the orthopedic surgery residency program at The University of Pittsburgh with an emphasis on sports medicine. While in Pittsburgh he served as team physician to the Duquesne University Men\u2019s and Women\u2019s Soccer teams. After residency, he pursued fellowship training in Sports Traumatology at the Sports Clinic Austria in Innsbruck under team physicians for the Austria Ski Team.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He is also a clinical professor with the Department of Orthopedic Surgery, chief pediatric orthopedic surgeon at Kosair Children\u2019s Hospital in Louisville, and director of resident basic science education at the University of Louisville School of Medicine.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Stellabotte graduated from Allegheny University of the Health Sciences in 1996 and has been in practice for 17 years. He completed a residency at Providence Hospital and Medical Center. Dr. Stellabotte also specializes in Internal Medicine and Sports Medicine. He currently practices at Liberty Orthopaedics and is affiliated with Delaware County Memorial Hospital and Taylor Hospital. Dr. Stellabotte accepts multiple insurance plans including Aetna, Medicare and Capital Blue Cross. Dr. Stellabotte also practices at Llanerch Orthopaedic X Ray in Havertown, PA. In addition to English, Dr. Stellabotte's practice supports this language: Spanish.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He is MD from the University of Nebraska Medical Center and a Resident of Plastic and Reconstructive Surgery from Indiana University. Certified by the American Board of Plastic and General Surgery, Dr. Coopeer has hospital affiliations at Northwest Weightloss Surgery Center, Edmonds Center for Outpatient Surgery and at the hospitals which care the patients.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Among his many achievements, he is the founder and director of the Domiciliary Hospitalization Unit of the La Fe University Hospital in Valencia from 1989 to 1991. He is a specialist in Plastic, Aesthetic and Reconstructive Surgery by opposition MIR at the Hospital de Bellvitge de Barcelona. The doctor has been Head of t... Top Doctors", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " After patients have recovery plan after breast reduction is to analyze Katz, specializes in Ophthalmology & Visual Sciences and practices at UK HealthCare in Lexington, Ky. Kolstad carefully maps his patient's facial A list of Physicians surgeons in Tampa, FL: breast augmentation @ Ajpizzomd.com (813) 870-0764 Tampa, FL Dr.Diaco.com. Jessica Collins specializes in plastic and reconstructive surgery. Title: Issue 5 niptuck, Author: Lance Collyer, Name: issue_5_niptuck, DUNCAN-SMITH MBBS (WA) FRACS (Plastic Surgery) | Specialist Plastic Surgeon.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She has completed her MD In Physiology and is currently teaching as Professor and HOD, Physiology, at Sudha Rustagi College of Dental Sciences, Faridabad. She has vast experience in research on yoga, meditation and stress management. She has been practicing as Family Physician for many years now.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " H. Gregory Fiser, MD, FACS. Heather and Dr. Fiser coordinate their efforts to provide personalized, evidence-based, quality, surgical care for their patients. Heather is a native Mississippian. She received her Bachelor of Science in Biology in 2013 from Mississippi College and a Master of Science in Medicine in 2015 from Mississippi College Physician Assistant program. She is certified by the National Commission for Certification of Physician Assistants. She is also a member of the American Academy of Physician Assistants and the Mississippi Academy of Physician Assistants. Heather is an active member of Siwell Road Church of Christ. She participates in healthcare events across the state which promote a healthier community. Heather also works in the Baptist Wound Healing and Hyperbaric Medicine Clinic.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " She has a strong interest in preventative care and believes in empowering people to take control of their own well being. As a mother, she understands the powerful need to d.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " She graduated from Bastyr University, Kenmore, WA. She has a BA from the State University of New York at Stony Brook. She is also a trained and certified hypnotherapist. Her professional experience includes:", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He received his medical degree from Case Western Reserve University School of Medicine and has been in practice for more than 20 years. He is one of 4 doctors at Cincinnati Veterans Affairs Medical Center and one of 11 at San Joaquin Community Hospital who specialize in Plastic Surgery. Here is what he says when asked about. \u201cWhat causes wrinkles?\u201d", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He received his medical degree from University of Michigan Medical School and has been in practice between 11-20 years. Dr. Sullivan accepts several types of health insurance, listed below. He is one of 16 doctors at Dallas Medical Center who specialize in Surgery. He also speaks multiple languages, including Spanish, German and Portuguese.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " In 2012, Dr. Lager received his subspecialty certification from the American Board of Orthopedic Surgery for Sports Medicine, joining a select number of distinguished sports medicine specialists in the United States.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He is Board Certified and has been in practice for several years. He has done everything from eye lifts to buttock lifts and hair implants. Dr. Jejurikar is well educated and has written articles and given presentations. He is current on all educational aspects of his chosen career and is one of six doctors in the clinic he currently is employed with.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Ali-Jones enjoys all aspects of general surgery, but has special interests in breast, advanced laparoscopic, and colorectal surgery. Dr. Ali-Jones is Board Certified with the American Board of Surgery, and a candidate member of the American College of Surgeons and the American College of Women Surgeons. She is General Surgery Specialist, Breast Surgery Specialist, Advanced Laparoscopic Surgery Specialist.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " She is Clinical Assistant Professor of Surgery (Plastic Surgery) at Weill Cornell Medical College and Clinical Assistant Professor of Surgery (Plastic Surgery) at Tulane University School of Medicine. She is also Chief of Microsurgery at New York Eye and Ear Infirmary of Mount Sinai. http://www.constancechenmd.com", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She graduated from Gardner-Webb University (North Carolina) in 2007 with a Bachelor of Science degree. She obtained her second Bachelor of Science in Health Sciences from Butler University in 2012. She went on to fulfill her Masters of Physician Assistant Studies from Butler University in 2013. She is board certified by the National Commission on Certification of Physician Assistants (NCCPA).", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Dr. Martin is a member of the American Society for Metabolic and Bariatric Surgery. He is a 1979 graduate of University of Texas Southwestern Medical School. He completed his residency in general surgery at Wake Forest University Bowman Gray School of Medicine, which also included a clinical research fellowship in surgery.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She is also the host of the groundbreaking podcast \"Health in Heels with Dr. Lisa Masterson\" and former co-host of the daytime Emmy award-winning talk show, \"The Doctors.\" See Lisa's Workouts \u203a", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Dr. Vieira completed a plastic surgery residency at the Cleveland Clinic Florida program and a Fellowship in craniofacial surgery at the University of Texas Southwestern. Prior to that, he completed his undergraduate, graduate, and MD training at Rutgers and New Jersey Medical School.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He practices in Buffalo, Wyoming and has the professional credentials of MD. The NPI Number for Mr. Blaine J Ruby is 1912105107 and he holds a License No. 6999A (Wyoming).", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Dr. Cunningham\u2019s interests include minimally invasive and open surgery for spine deformity and degenerative conditions. He currently is the Interim Chief of the Scoliosis Service, Director of the John Cobb Scoliosis Fellowship, Principal Investigator of the Molecular and Cellular Spine Research Laboratory at HSS, and acts as a reviewer for Clinical Orthopedics & Related Research, Hospital for Special Surgery Journal, Journal of Orthopedic Research, Arthritis Research & Therapy Journal, Scoliosis Journal, Biochemistry Journal, American Academy for Laboratory Animal Science Journal, and Journal of Biomechanics.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She has additional experience in managing patients suffering from chronic fatigue and Lyme disease and has trained with some of the best Lyme-literate medical doctors in Canada. Throughout her training she was active in the research department at Canadian College of Naturopathic Medicine and contributed to projects of best practice methods in Naturopathy. She remains current on new research and literature, therapies and protocols, and opportunities for advanced training. Dr. Demian is dedicated to better serving her patients who have struggled with chronic disease. Using a holistic approach when treating patients bridging conventional and complementary methods. Her aim is to balance whole body systems and establish therapies for the root cause of disease.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Patients come to Dr. Chasan from all around thw world for sophisticated, highly effective procedures. His success in many areas of plastic surgery gives him a well-earned reputation in the plastic surgery space. Learn more about Dr. Chasan by reading below or clicking the button to see footage of Dr. Chasan in the media.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He keeps current on the newest advances in orthopedic care and is especially interested in total joint replacement, arthroscopy, sports medicine and minimally invasive procedures.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He is the senior consultant at Sir Ganga Ram Hospital, Delhi and after completing his MBBS and MD Medicine, he underwent a special training at AIIMS, New Delhi.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He completed his medical school and general surgery residency training at the University of Texas Southwestern Medical School and went on to a residency in pediatric surgery at Oklahoma Children\u2019s Memorial Hospital.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She practices in Chandler, Arizona and has the professional credentials of M.D.. The NPI Number for Dr. Lucia Tredici is 1467451625 and she holds a License No. MD19035 (Arizona).", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " She completed her medical degree at Lake Erie College of Osteopathic Medicine at Seton Hill and her OB/GYN residency at Beaumont Health - Botsford, Farmington Hills, MI. She joined the medical staff in 2017.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Having worked with a number of professional and collegiate sports teams and athletic organizations, Dr. Portland understands the importance of knee and shoulder arthroscopy. In Glenview, at the Ravine Way Surgery Center, he currently practices sports medicine.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He acquired his MD in India followed by FRCR & CCST in the United Kingdom. This was Followed by American Interventional Radiology fellowship and followed by united board certification from Emory University hospital, Atlanta. He relocated to India and has set up India's only Interventional Radiology hospital. He has a license from the medical council of India (MCI) as well as the Bermuda Medical Council, Singapore Medical Council and the Nebraska temporary faculty permit. He is a member of Radiological Society of North America, Royal College Of Radiologists-UK, British Society of Interventional Radiology and Singapore Radiological Society. Dr. Rajah has won many honors including the PRESIDENT'S MEDAL FOR BRAVES HEALTHCARE WORKER during the SARS Epidemic ( 2003) in SINGAPORE.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She became a full-time physician advisor in 2014. Dr. Battaile has a master\u2019s degree in management of clinical informatics from Duke Medical School and is a board-certified, practicing fellow of hospital medicine.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " She has practiced medicine for over fifteen years. Dr. Kremen\u2019s medical study includes a medical degree from the University of Varna in Bulgaria, advanced techniques in western medicine in London, and research projects (including alternative therapies at Stanford University) and working for the innovative firm Intuitive Surgical in California. Additionally, Dr. Kremen completed postgraduate training at UCLA\u2019s Kern Medical Center, as well as a rigorous internal medicine residency, earning the coveted \u201cExcellence in Medicine\u201d award and a second Doctor of Medicine Degree (MD) degree.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Dr. High enjoys seeing patients in Raleigh for a number of plastic surgery procedures, including breast augmentation, facelifts, rhinoplasty, liposuction, tummy tucks, Botox, dermal fillers, and other popular procedures. Dr. High's impressive education includes Pennsylvania State University, John Hopkins University, Wake Forest University, and the University of North Carolina. Today at Raleigh Plastic Surgery Center, Dr. High is known for his ability to communicate with patients in order to bring them the top quality plastic surgery results of their dreams.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She received her bachelor\u2019s degree from the Boston College School of Nursing and her physician assistant training at the Yale University School of Medicine\u2019 Physician Associate Program in New Haven, Conn.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " But just when success is within reach, his cherished career is threatened. It becomes clear that someone else has been bending the rules-on him. As he searches frantically for an explanation, he discovers a terrible secret. He and his family have been unwitting subjects in a fifty year-old genetic experiment. And unless he can unravel the mystery, none of them-least of all Dr. David Myers-are safe.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She is a Diplomat of the American Board of Surgery and a Fellow of the American College of Surgeons. Dr. Anglin received her medical degree from the University of Texas Southwestern Medical School in Dallas and completed her surgical residency at St. Paul Medical Center and the University of Texas Southwestern-Parkland Hospital System. She is a part of a nationally certified breast center, which assures that patients receive the highest standards of care for diseases of the breast. Her focus is on coordinated care based on the latest accepted technology and surgical practices.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " The Louisville native will tell his story in the next program sponsored by Kentucky to the World (KTW), an organization that showcases commonwealth-connected people who have had major impacts on the global stage.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " After graduating from Harvard College with a degree in Biochemistry, Dr. Wohns graduated from Yale University School of Medicine, and subsequently completed a residency at the University of Washington. He also received his MBA from the University of Washington and his JD from the Seattle University School of Law.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He is a member of the referral line of Texas Health Spine & Orthopedic Center and has performed hundreds of hip and knee replacement procedures. He shared his insights about gender differences in these procedures.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " As a board certified pediatric surgeon from the United States, he can speak Arabic and English, and he lived in Riyadh, Saudi Arabia for close to half a decade while serving the royal family. He was born in Kuwait but now lives in the United States. Saad Saad earned his medical degree with honors while studying at Cairo University, and he eventually jumped all of the hoops to become certified by the board in the United States.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " As a founding member of The Surgery Group of Los Angeles, Dr. Cohen has provided patients with a treatment option that reduces both scarring and recovery time by using advanced robotics and minimally invasive surgery. He has written for numerous medical journals his philanthropic efforts have taken him as far as Africa, where he served as a Volunteer House Offices of the Mission Hospital in Kikuyu, Kenya.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " After he gained his M.B.B.S from the National University of Singapore, he boarded on his Basic Surgical Training in General Surgery at Singapore General Hospital. See here http://www.drleoplasticsurgery.com/ ...read moreless", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He practices in St Petersburg, Florida and has the professional credentials of M.D.. The NPI Number for Dr. Orion Thomas Ayer is 1093786634 and he holds a License No. ME34930 (Florida).", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " She has education and work experience in ministry and social work, before obtaining her training as a physician. At the clinic, she has the opportunity to bring all three professions together in one service.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He studied medicine at the University of Cambridge where he also gained a PhD for a thesis entitled The cone dystrophies. Matthew's clinical training was undertaken at Sydney Eye Hospital, Australia, the University of British Columbia, Vancouver, Canada, Moorfields Eye Hospital, London and the the Nuffield Laboratory of Ophthalmology/Oxford Eye Hospital. He is currently a consultant vitreoretinal surgeon at Sydney Eye Hospital and an Associate Professor of Ophthalmology at the University of Sydney, where he holds a Career Development Award from the Foundation Fighting Blindness. He is an honorary clinical research associate in Professor Robert MacLaren\u2019s group where his work is primarily directed at quantifying photoreceptor function in choroideremia patients following gene therapy.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He is currently a Specialty Board Member, for the Chapter of General Surgeons, College of Surgeons, Singapore (2013-2015). Dr Lim is also a Life member of the prominent Endoscopic, Laparoscopic Surgeons of Asia. (ELSA), and has also served in the Executive Committee of the Society of Colorectal Surgeons (Singapore).", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He specialises in the surgery of thyroid, parathyroid and adrenal glands, and also other general surgical procedures. Since completing surgical training in 2010, Mr Lee has subsequently completed his thesis on thyroid cancer, and was awarded Doctor of Philosophy (PhD) by the University of Sydney. Mr Lee is committed to providing his patients with the highest quality surgical care in accordance to the latest research. With his training in both clinical and academic surgery, Mr Lee provides up-to-date surgical services to his patients, in a personal and friendly manner. \ufeff", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Carreau graduated from Creighton University School of Medicine in 2009 and has been in practice for 8 years. He completed a residency at Ucsd Medical Center. He currently practices at Cnos Improving Health and is affiliated with Pender Community Hospital. Dr. Carreau accepts multiple insurance plans including Wellmark, Cigna and Blue Cross Blue Shield. Dr. Carreau also practices at Pender Community Hospital in Pender, NE. In addition to English, Dr. Carreau's practice supports these languages: Spanish and French.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Cady can relate to her own subject matter, as she has endured and managed her own chronic pain. Her strong desire to overcome it has made her a passionate patient advocate for optimizing health through rational means while minimizing excessive and unnecessary medical interventions.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " People who are overweight and want to lose their weight go for the surgery in order to bring back their shape of body. Tummy tuck in Delhi India is done by Dr. Ashish Bhanot. The eminent doctor has chalked up many successful surgeries to his name, and is well qualified. With his vast experience and knowledge he performs surgeries on patients who are obese.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He read medicine at the University of Wales and undertook his general surgical training in London at internationally renowned centres of excellence during which time he obtained his Membership of the Royal College of Surgeons of England. He successfully completed postgraduate studies at Queen Mary, University of London achieving a Master of Surgical Science degree. Following this, Mr Younis completed his higher specialist training in plastic surgery at prestigious units including Cambridge University Hospitals, Imperial College Healthcare and Barts Health and was awarded a Fellowship of the Royal College of Surgeons of England in plastic surgery. He is on the specialist register of the General Medical Council for plastic surgery.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He has several publications in peer-reviewed journals and special interests in acute coronary syndromes, peripheral vascular disease and non-invasive imaging. Dr. Eric Frischhertz is board-certified in internal medicine, cardiovascular disease and nuclear cardiology. He has specialized skills in advanced diagnostic testing, and the assessment of the heart and vascular system. His interests include nuclear cardiology, CT angiography and noninvasive vascular and cardiac testing.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He joined Scripps in 1997. There are 1012 doctors at this site. Surgery is performed at this site. To see if this provider is board certified go to www.abms.org.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Cosmetic eyelid surgery called blepharoplasty is cosmetic surger y that rejuvinates tired looking eyes. Dr. Ebroon's mission is to revitalize droopy and puffy eyelids so that the appearance of the eyes communicates the energy and vitality that one feels inside.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Lauderdale area. He is a graduate of Haverford College and earned his medical degree at the University of Miami. Dr. Rothfield offers a variety of cosmetic treatments and procedures ranging from breast augmentation and breast reduction, to liposuction and dermal fillers. In addition to leading Weston Plastic Surgery, his private practice, he serves as the Chief of Plastic Surgery at Memorial West Hospital in Pembroke Pines, Florida. Dr. Rothfield is available for interview upon request.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He was the chairman of orthopedic surgery at Long Beach Medical Center and did his fellowship training at Harvard. He received his medical degree from the University of Southern California and did his residency at Tufts University in Boston followed by his fellowship at Children's Hospital, Boston. He also is the proud father of twin boys both of which are involved in sports.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She is an incredible mom who home-birthed her two sons, Noah and Brody, and is raising the children in a holistic fashion that includes breast feeding, co-sleeping, and chemical-free living. Dr. Heather is a native of Arizona, loves the outdoors, and is active in animal rights and environmental safety.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He received his medical degree from the University of Toronto and he continued post-graduate training in Toronto, Israel and New Zealand. He practices in Family and Community Medicine with a specialty in Palliative Medicine. Dr. Rubenzahl is fluent in English and French.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " His area of expertise includes both primary and revision surgical procedures of the hip and knee. He also brings expertise in new surgical techniques including minimally invasive surgical procedures, anterior approach hip replacement surgery, computer navigation, as well as robotic joint replacement.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Maser graduated from Sidney Kimmel Medical College in 1991 and has been in practice for 27 years. He completed a residency at UCLA Medical Center. Dr. Maser also specializes in Surgery. He currently practices at Palo Alto Center and is affiliated with Stanford Hospital & Clinics. Dr. Maser accepts multiple insurance plans including Aetna, Medicare and Cigna. Dr. Maser also practices at Palo Alto Medical Foundation Plastic Surgery in Fremont, CA. In addition to English, Dr. Maser's practice supports these languages: Tagalog, Spanish, French and Italian.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He is also an Assistant Professor of Surgery in the Cleveland Clinic Lerner College of Medicine. Dr. Farrow is a member of Cleveland Clinic Sports Health and currently serves as the Program Director for the Orthopaedic Surgery Sports Medicine Fellowship Program.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Mr Imbuldeniya is a fully qualified and trained surgeon who specialises exclusively in treating patients suffering from complex hip and knee problems, using cutting-edge technology and up-to-date, proven and precise techniques.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He has clinical interests in total joint replacement and sports medicine. Previously, Dr. Denzin served as team physician for Ann Arbor Pioneer High School.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Frankel is double board certified in Facial Plastic and Reconstructive Surgery and Otolaryngology - Head and Neck Surgery. He focuses his practice entirely on face, head and neck surgery.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Keitaro graduated from medical school in 2008 from the Oita University in Japan. He became a board certified member of Society of Japanese Cardiovascular Surgery. He currently does postdoctoral research at the Oita University School of Medicine.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She practices in Apo, Armed Forces Europe and has the professional credentials of M.D.. The NPI Number for Dr. Anna Makela is 1467613398 and she holds a License No. MD-15733 (Hawaii).", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " In 1992, he co-founded Rotaplast International, Inc., which provides lip cleft and palate cleft surgery to children in foreign countries. He has traveled on 60 international missions to 27 countries, 46 with Rotaplast, and has performed thousands of surgeries, changing countless lives.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Ever committed to achieving excellence in women\u2019s health care through all stages of life, Dr. Menke offers first-rate comprehensive services and outpatient care, and unparalleled labor and delivery approaches, and major and minor surgical procedures, including laparoscopic surgery. For more than 21 years, Dr. Menke has strived for quality in her endeavors to learn innovative strategies and provide first-class medical care, and she provides her patients with the advanced and cutting-edge medical treatment and solutions that they deserve. She remains current of trends and developments in medicine as a member of the American Medical Association, the North American Society for Pediatric and Adolescent Gynecology, and ODK. In her spare time, Dr. Menke enjoys reading the Obstetrical & Gynecological Survey.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He has been a very great help in leading the development of the faculty core curricullum. He also has been a great role model of clinical teaching and continue to inspire the whole faculty for his method. He is still active within the faculty with an advisory role.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Claudia earned her physician assistant degree from Stanford University Medical School in Palo Alto. She chose the medical profession because of her deep desire to help make a profound difference in people's lives. Claudia's patients say that she is compassionate and caring, and believes strongly in patient education. She encourages her patients to ask detailed questions about their medical conditions. In her spare time, Claudia enjoys spending time with her husband and children. In addition to English, she speaks Spanish.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " She did her post graduation in Advanced Homoeopathy (Gold medalist) and courses in Reiki, Yoga, Dietetics. She is passionate about spreading awareness of homeopathy, especially for ailments which have no cure in Allopathy. It is her mission to take Homoeopathy to the masses. For this, she conducts lectures, camps, writes on blogs and is associated with various charitable institutions. Genuinely caring, she guides her patients through the treatment by hearing them patiently, counseling, suggesting dietary and lifestyle changes along with medicines which enhance the process of complete cure.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He knows there are different things that he will need to do if he wants to be successful in different surgeries and has always tried to make sure he is doing things right for the patients he has. He also wants to make sure that everyone knows what he\u2019s doing so he doesn\u2019t have to worry about how they are going to be able to overcome some of the biggest issues that are often found in cosmetic surgery. For Dr. Rod Rohrich, this is a big part of what he has to do to make sure he can help people.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He is also the Executive Director of Ariadne Labs and chairman of Lifebox, a nonprofit organization making surgery safer globally. He has written several books including Complications, Better, and The Checklist Manifesto. He has won the Lewis Thomas Prize for Writing about Science and two National Magazine Awards.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She is currently a fellow of the American Academy of Dermatology and the American Academy of Cosmetic Surgery. Beyond her internal medicine training, she completed three additional years of intensive training in an accredited residency program focused only upon the skin. She has been in private practice in Portland Oregon since 1997.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Dr. Anderson earned his medical degree from University of Michigan Medical School in Ann Arbor. He completed his orthopedic surgery residency at Wayne State University School of Medicine in Detroit, and completed his orthopedic foot and ankle fellowship at Michigan International Foot and Ankle Center, St. Joseph Mercy Oakland in Pontiac. Dr. Anderson\u2019s clinical interests include hindfoot reconstruction, foot and ankle trauma, ankle arthritis and sports injuries.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She practices in Claremont, New Hampshire and has the professional credentials of MS, MMSC, PA-C. The NPI Number for Mrs. Maria Henriette Clough is 1538331897.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He is also Professor of Anesthesiology, Wake Forest University, School of Medicine. Dr. Kapural\u2019s interests include peripheral nerve stimulation, spinal cord stimulation, discogenic low back pain and visceral abdominal pain.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He started his journey when he was selected for MBBS, BVSc and BE in Jammu & Kashmir Common Entrance Test in 2007. He choose BVSc as his career because of his love & passion for animals. He completed his BVSc & AH from FVSc & AH, SKUAST-K Srinagar in 2012. He received a Junior Research Fellowship (JRF) from ICAR by securing All India Rank 12 in All India Agricultural Entrance Examination in 2012. He completed his MVSc in Veterinary Surgery & Radiology from GADVASU, Ludhiana in 2014. His research topic was Doppler Ultrasonography. Recently he has qualified National Eligibility Test conducted by ASRB (ICAR) in December 2015", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Qualifying in medicine in 1983, Professor Ramakrishnan undertook comprehensive training in plastic surgery in Australia and has been practicing reconstructive and cosmetic plastic surgery since 1987. He is, amongst others, a member of the British Association of Plastic Reconstructive and Aesthetic Surgeons (BAPRAS), a Fellow of the Royal College of Surgeons (FRCS) and the Royal Australasian College of Surgeons. Professor Ramakrishnan is a visiting Professor at Anglia Ruskin University. He also has a major role as trainer in microsurgery and was the inaugural tutor in Plastic Surgery at the Royal College of Surgeons of England and the Director of St Andrew\u2019s Centre for Plastic Surgery and Burns. He is on the editorial boards of the Journal of Plastic, Reconstructive and Aesthetic Surgery and The Archives of Plastic Surgery.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Gregory Finch obtained his FRACS which stands for Fellow of the Royal Australian College of Surgeons after successfully completing several years of surgical training.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She practices in Hooksett, New Hampshire and has the professional credentials of MD. The NPI Number for Yuki Igari is 1437229184 and she holds a License No. 11537 (New Hampshire).", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " His practice, Lam Facial Plastics, specializes in facial rejuvenation, fat transfer, facelifts, brow lifts, eye lid lifts, chin augmentation, cheek augmentation, hair restoration, rhinoplasty, lip augmentation, lip reduction, Otoplasty, and facial fillers including Botox, Restylane, and Juvederm. For more information about Dr Samuel Lam please call 972-312-8188.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " PA Sharpe graduated from California State University with her Bachelor\u2019s Degree in Biology in 2001. She is also working towards a Community and Economic Development Certificate. Some of her past activities include the Tulare County League of Mexican-American Woman, Association of Physicians for the Underserved, National Health Service Corps Scholar, Howard Hughes Biomedical Research Program, and was a member of the Health Career Opportunity Program. PA Sharpe\u2019s current and past positions include being a PA for a correctional state facility, worked with at risk youth and adults, and providing services to an underserved population. She is also bilingual, speaking fluent English and Spanish.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " She received her physician assistant degree in 2004 from Touro College School of Health Sciences in Bay Shore, New York and has been with Great Neck OB/GYN on a part-time basis since 2007. When not helping her patients, Heidi is enjoying her wonderful children.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Known as the Challenge Doctor, Dr. Cady chose not to join the typical pain practice out of conviction that there is a better way to address pain\u2019s root cause and that better education and understanding are critical pieces for all involved. Her first pain educational effort is reflected in her recent book/audiobook release, PAINDEMIC (www.PaindemicBook.com).", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Among his many achievements, he is the founder and director of the Domiciliary Hospitalization Unit of the La Fe University Hospital in Valencia from 1989 to 1991. He is a specialist in Plastic, Aesthetic and Reconstructive Surgery by opposition MIR at the Hospital de Bellvitge de Barcelona. The doctor has been Head of t...", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Paul\u2019s Hospital in Vancouver, BC. He is Associate Director of the General Surgery Residency Training Program and a Clinical Associate Professor at the University of British Columbia. He is the Providence Health lead for Enhanced Recovery and SSI Reduction. He is the Surgical Lead for the British Columbia Enhanced Recovery Collaborative, and an Executive Member of Enhanced Recovery Canada.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Lupo graduated from Case Western Reserve University School of Medicine in 1994 and has been in practice for 24 years. He completed a residency at Mount Sinai Medical Center. He currently practices at Orthopaedic Surgeons Inc and is affiliated with Saint Vincent Health Center. Dr. Lupo accepts multiple insurance plans including TRICARE, Aetna and Medicare. Dr. Lupo also practices at St Vincent Health Center in Erie, PA.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She attended Rocky Mountain College School of Allied Health in Billings, Mont. She started her career in Casper at Wyoming Cardiopulmonary where she worked for almost four years before transitioning to nephrology.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " She now practices in Orange County, Calif. where she was raised. Dr. Green strives to balance clinical time in the hospital with continued development of patient oriented programs. She also leads a team of hospitalist physicians with the goal for all to deliver sensitive, intelligent, high quality care in the hospital and smooth the path toward a safe transition back home. She is passionate about helping people understand the challenges related to", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Dr. Dresher specializes in foot and ankle surgery and performs his procedures at The Orthopaedic & Spine Center of Southern Colorado, a Pinnacle III-managed facility. He earned his medical degree at the University of Kansas School of Medicine, and continued his training in orthopedic surgery at the Campbell Clinic in Memphis, Tenn.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He performs ankle replacements, complex ankle and foot reconstructions, arthroscopy, minimally invasive foot and ankle surgery, joint preserving cartilage regenerative procedures, and provides advanced biologic treatments such as platelet-rich plasma injections and tissue regeneration.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " His practice consists of open and arthroscopic treatment of the hip, shoulder, elbow, and knee, as well as upper and lower extremity fracture care and surgery. He also performs the latest techniques in cartilage and meniscal transplantation, in addition to joint replacements of the shoulder, hip and knee.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She practices in Apo, Armed Forces Europe and has the professional credentials of M.D.. The NPI Number for Dr. Caroline Mary Green is 1386986735 and she holds a License No. 0101257255 (Virginia).", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Her new book, Better Now: Six Big Ideas to Improve Health Care for All Canadians, is a Canadian bestseller. Her 2014 testimony to a U.S. Senate subcommittee about the Canadian health care system has been viewed 30 million times. Follow her on Twitter: @docdanielle", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He said the 20 percent recorded rise in transgender-related surgeries nationally between 2015 and 2016 seems low, considering his practice has \"seen an exponential growth\" in these procedures.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He specializes in functional medicine under the guidance of the pioneer functional medical scientist Datis Kharrazian. He became internationally renown for his work treating individuals with Hashimoto hypothyroidism. More recently he has been observing the serious side effects of the HPV vaccines in young adults and has been investing treatments for vaccine injuries. Dr. Flannery has degrees from University of Southern California and Rochester Institute of Technology, and received Doctor of Chiropractic degree graduating cum laude from Cleveland Chiropractic College, Los Angeles. His website is DrFlannery.com", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Currently, he specialises in Hepato-biliary Surgeon. Mr Ahmed is the head of the bariatric and metabolic surgery unit and senior lecturer in surgery. Bariatric and metabolic surgery is a leading unit in the UK and also it is recognised as an international Bariatric Surgery Centre of Excellence ASMBS. Mr Ahmed was trained at University College London and Middlesex Hospital School of Medicine. Mr Ahmed Ahmed has also undergone training in laparoscopic (keyhole) surgery in both the UK and USA.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He is a credentialed member of St. Joseph Mercy Chelsea\u2019s medical staff and sees patients in the Ypsilanti and Canton offices of Orthopedic Surgery Associates. His areas of expertise include arthritis, joint replacement of the hip and knee, trauma surgery, and sports medicine.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Colletta graduated from Sidney Kimmel Medical College in 1977 and has been in practice for 41 years. He completed a residency at Jackson Health System. He currently practices at Robyn Mayko Moncrief MD and is affiliated with Boca Raton Community Hospital, Delray Medical Center and West Boca Medical Center. Dr. Colletta accepts multiple insurance plans including Aetna, Medicare and Humana. Dr. Colletta also practices at Surgical Associates of Palm Beach County in Boca Raton, FL.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He received his medical degree from Boston University School of Medicine and has been in practice for more than 20 years. Dr. Abramowitz accepts several types of health.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Prior to that she practiced for 3 years in Mumbai, India with her father and received training in Ayurvedic Medicine. She received training in Acupuncture starting in June of 2000, initially through the Academy of Pain affiliated with Stanford University; 2 years later through Helms Institute affiliated with UCLA and has been practicing acupuncture since late 2000. She received the Board Certification through the American Board of Medical Acupuncture in February 2006, and received training in Dr. Tung\u2019s style as well. Dr. Mehta recently received training in Homeopathy through the CEDH this year and is incorporating homeopathy into her practice as well as Ayurveda. She has practiced Yoga for many years and trained in Kathak (North Indian) Style dancing and has had the good fortune to teach a few young children. She is also an avid gardener, painter and potter.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He has over 20 years\u2019 experience in sports medicine and orthopedic surgery, specializing in arthroscopy of the knee and shoulder, ACL and meniscus surgery, as well as rotator cuff and ligament surgery. Dr Wainer also specializes in total joint replacement of the knee and hip.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He received his undergraduate degree from the University of Illinois and his Medical Degree from Rosalind Franklin University at Chicago Medical School. He completed his orthopedic training at Rush Presbyterian St. Lukes Hospital and went on to complete an Arthroscopic Fellowship with Dr. Lanny Johnson, the forefather of the arthroscopic technique.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Fata graduated from State University of New York Upstate Medical University in 1982 and has been in practice for 36 years. He completed a residency at Suny Health Science Center. Dr. Fata also specializes in Surgery. He currently practices at Renaissance Plastic Surgery and is affiliated with St Vincent Indianapolis Hospital. Dr. Fata accepts multiple insurance plans including Medicare, Sagamore Health Network and Cigna. In addition to English, Dr. Fata's practice supports this language: Spanish.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She believes in providing high-quality women\u2019s healthcare services for all stages of life from birth through menopause to help women maintain optimum health.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He completed his Bachelors from prestigious B J Medical College, Pune in year 1998 and then worked as Medical Officer in Rural India for one year. Dr. Shete has also completed postgraduate program in management from top ranked Indian School of Business, Hyderabad in year 2008. Dr.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He received his medical degree from New York University School of Medicine and has been in practice for 51 years. He is one of 8 doctors at Cedars-Sinai Medical Center and one of 5 at White Memorial Medical Center who specialize in Vascular Surgery.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She practices in Allentown, Alabama and has the professional credentials of MD. The NPI Number for Dr. Jeanette M Blauth is 1356324735 and she holds a License No. MD060676L (Pennsylvania).", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " For years, patients have went to his practice from all through the Dominican Republic plus the United States Of America and neighboring countries. He has earned a very good reputation as a result of his reliability, skills, and exceptional results.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She completed her residency at Nationwide Children's Hospital and completed a chief residency year from 2008-2009. She currently is an Associate Professor of Pediatrics at The Ohio State University College of Medicine. Her time is spent in direct patient care, teaching residents as well as medical students and participating in the Residents in Schools Initiative. Her interests include medical education, mentorship, faculty development and caring for children in well and acute situations.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Her specialization is with geriatrics, clinical expertise include diabetic care, geriatric medicine, hospital medicine, nursing home ambulatory procedures and preventive medicine.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He completed his post-medical school training as a Resident of Plastic Surgery from the University of Massachusetts and worked as a fellow of Hand Surgery from Kleinert\u2019s Hand Institution. Certified by the American Board of Plastic and General Surgery, Dr. Nukta has hospital affiliations at INOVA Fair Oaks Hospital, INOVA Fairfax Hospital, Haymarket Medical Center and other hospitals which care their patients. He is the member of American Society of Plastic Surgeons.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Hader received his undergraduate degree from Mercyhurst College, Pennsylvania, in 1987. In 1994, he moved to the University of Saskatchewan to complete his medical degree. Before moving to Calgary, Dr. Hader obtained his residency at the University of British Columbia (2000), and his fellowship from the University of Toronto in 2001. Dr. Hader\u2019s research currently focuses on the determinants of health in children with hydrocephalus, the surgical treatment of temporal lobe epilepsy in the intra-operative MR setting, and neuropsychological and visual consequences of selective amygdalo-hippocampectomies versus standard temporal lobectomies for intractable epilepsy. Clinically, Dr. Hader specializes in epilepsy and paediatric neurosurgery.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He holds a bachelor\u2019s degree in Biology from Bradley University in Peoria, IL. He then went on to receive his Master of Medical Science in Physician Assistant Studies from Midwestern University in Downers Grove, IL. Luke joined Hinsdale Orthopaedics in 2017 as a physician assistant for Dr. Justin LaReau.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " She practices in Anchorage, Alaska and has the professional credentials of M.D.. The NPI Number for Dr. Jayne S Fortson is 1932170297 and she holds a License No. 2600 (Alaska).", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " She received her bachelor\u2019s degree in Kinesiological Sciences from the University of Maryland and her PA degree from South University in Savannah, GA. Michelle is part of the Physician/PA team working together to treat ear, nose, and throat disorders. She enjoys working with people of all ages, but she especially enjoys the children. In her free time, she volunteers with a local animal rescue group and is an avid runner. She joined the group in 2005.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He specializes in aesthetic and reconstructive facial, breast, and body surgery. After graduating from the University of California, Los Angeles (UCLA) Summa Cum Laude, Dr. Schierle received his medical degree and Ph.D. rom Harvard University. He then went on to complete his integrated plastic surgery residency training at Northwestern University, where he learned under surgeons from the Chicago Center for the Su...", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr Ieshan comes with 8+ years of experience in the healthcare domain. He has been associated with Ministry of Defence, Government of India and Digital Healthcare platforms. In his free time he loves to write on Healthcare Innovations.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He practices at San Francisco in California and completed his medical education from the University of Connecticut School of Medicine. For further expansion of knowledge, he joined the Harvard University as a Resident of Plastic Surgery and worked as a Fellow in Basic Science Research at Stanford University. Certified by the American Board of Plastic Surgery, he is a member of American Society of Plastic Surgeons. Dr. Peled also gives various lectures on Migraine Surgery.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Early on in his profession, he built a busy practice in Sydney\u2019s prestigious eastern suburbs, while maintaining a smaller practice in the Hunter Valley and Newcastle region. Over the years, he become more drawn to the beautiful Hunter region. In 2015, he made the permanent move to the Hunter with his wife and three children and has never looked back..", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Outside of the office, Victoria enjoys being outdoors, spending time with friends, traveling with her husband, and volunteering. She is currently welcoming new patients and accepts most insurance plans.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Dr. Chen graduated from New York University School of Medicine in 1995 and has been in practice for 23 years. He currently practices at Uci Medical Center and is affiliated with Kaiser Permanente Downey Medical Center and Kaiser Permanente Los Angeles Medical Center. Dr. Chen accepts multiple insurance plans including Cigna, Blue Cross Blue Shield and Multiplan. Dr. Chen also practices at University of California San Francisco in San Francisco, CA. In addition to English, Dr. Chen's practice supports these languages: Korean, French and Spanish.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Camarata graduated from University of Pittsburgh School of Medicine in 1991 and has been in practice for 27 years. He completed a residency at University of Texas Health Science. Dr. Camarata also specializes in Oral & Maxillofacial Surgery. Dr. Camarata accepts multiple insurance plans including Aetna, Medicare and Blue Cross Blue Shield of Illinois. Dr. Camarata also practices at Aesthetic Surgical Arts in Overland Park, KS.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He joins the Precision spine team after completing a fellowship in Complex and Reconstructive Spine at University of Texas - Houston / FOARR (Foundation for Orthopedic, Athletic and Reconstructive Research).", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Expanding on an interest in public health and prevention, she obtained a Master of Public Health from Johns Hopkins Bloomberg School of Public Health in 2013. Recently, she took over the role of medical director for the Advanced and Primary Care Paramedic Programs at Algonquin College.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He has particular expertise in hepatic, pancreatic and gastrointestinal cancer surgery. He also performs a large volume of general surgery such as laparoscopic cholecystectomy, varicose vein surgery and hernia repairs.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " His surgical specialty is colon and rectal surgery - always a good conversation stopper when people ask him what he does. His response is that he repairs waste disposal systems! Terry is also a long time PowerPoint user and co-author of a book on PowerPoint geared towards the designing of medical presentations. In this conversation, Terry talks about the the usage of PowerPoint in the medicine industry, and his training sessions.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Cappadona graduated from New York University School of Medicine in 1995 and has been in practice for 23 years. He completed a residency at Umdnj. Dr. Cappadona also specializes in Sports Medicine. He currently practices at Orthopedic Surgery & Sports Medical and is affiliated with Chilton Memorial Hospital. Dr. Cappadona accepts multiple insurance plans including Aetna, QualCare and Medicare. Dr. Cappadona also practices at Chilton Memorial Hospital in Pompton Plains, NJ.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Her clinical work and research focus on adolescent reproductive justice and health care for highly vulnerable youth, including youth who have been affected by commercial sexual exploitation. Dr. Mays is the founding Medical Director of the Dream Youth Clinic in Oakland, CA, Faculty in the UC Berkeley/ UCSF Joint Medical Program, and Clinical Researcher at UCSF Advancing New Standards in Reproductive Health. Dr. Mays is a graduate of Case Western Reserve University School of Medicine and the Residency Program in Family and Social Medicine at Montefiore Medical Center in the Bronx, NY. Dr. Mays\u2019 philosophy in her work is to always be youth led and youth responsive.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He was President of the International Hospital Federation from 2013 to 2015, President of the Asian Hospital Federation in 2008-2009 and President of the Korean Hospital Association in 2003-2004. He has been the Chairman of Daerim Saint Mary\u2019s Hospital in Seoul, his own hospital, since 1969.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " As Head of Shoulder and Upper Limb Surgery at the Queen Elizabeth Hospital, he specializes in totally arthroscopic reconstructive and stabilization procedures to the shoulder including Rotator Cuff repairs, SLAP repairs, treatment of bursitis and ac joint arthritis. He also has a large experience with Shoulder and Knee replacement surgery and maintains professional excellence being involved in continuing professional training and audits through professional bodies. He is a fellow of the Royal Australasian College of Surgeons, the Royal College of Surgeons in Edinburgh as well as the Australian Orthopaedic Association.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He is an experienced joint replacement surgeon with a special interest in advanced technology and individualisation of knee replacement surgery. Mr Clark also continues his interest in arthroscopic and sports surgery of the knee and hip. Dr Clark is one of the first surgeons in Western Australia to perform a Robotic Hip Replacement and now offers this procedure to his patients.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She practices in Birmingham, Alabama and has the professional credentials of M.D.. The NPI Number for Dr. Sandra Lynne Durham is 1487794301 and she holds a License No. 15350 (Alabama).", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " She is also a certified professional coder with experience in multi -specialties. Kim has also implemented practice management systems, performed chart audits, implemented EMR systems in multi-physician practices, and various...", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " His particular areas of specialization include advanced laparoscopic surgery and hernia repair. He is the recipient of numerous academic and professional awards, and author of multiple peer-reviewed scientific papers and surgical text book chapters. Dr. Breda...", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He specializes in minimally invasive spine surgery, athletic spine injuries, microsurgery, computer-assisted spinal surgery, and motion preserving procedures. Dr. Cammisa attended Columbia University College of Physicians and Surgeons for his medical degree before going to the Columbia Presbyterian Medical Center for his general surgery residency training. He then went on to the prestigious Hospital for Special Surgery (HSS) for h...", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " His clinical interests include the treatment of spinal disorders, arthritis, sports medicine, fractures, pediatric orthopedics, hand problems and neurologic abnormalities. He specializes in comprehensive, conservative and surgical interventions within these areas. Dr. Gross is a Fellow of the American Academy of Orthopaedic Surgeons, a member of the American Board of Orthopaedic Surgery and of the North American Spine Society. As well, he has given numerous community presentations in the areas of sports medicine, arthritis management, joint arthroplasty, and the treatment of spinal disorders. Currently, Dr. Gross is an Attending Physician at Advocate Good Shepherd Hospital in Barrington and is [...]", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " After completing his undergrad at the University of Southern California, Dr. Cambeiro received his medical degree from the University of Colorado and continued his training at the world-famous Mayo Clinic. He specializes in procedures for the breasts, body and face including breast augmentation, tummy tuck surgery and liposuction. To learn more, please visit Dr. Cambeiro's website.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " His clinical interests are general surgery, upper gastrointestinal surgery for cancer and bariatric surgery. His regular practice includes laparoscopic gall bladder removal, laparoscopic appendicectomy, laparoscopic groin and abdominal hernia repairs.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He became interested in the field of orthopedics after working as an X-ray technologist as an undergraduate. He earned his M.D. from Temple University School of Medicine. He completed his internship and residency at the Albert Einstein Medical Center in Philadelphia, where he received numerous honors and awards for his acumen and research.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " With the police overloaded with crimes, Paul, burning for revenge, hunts his family\u2019s assailants to deliver justice ... \u201dPaul, Apostle of Christ\u201d No star rating....", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He is one of the founding physicians of Proliance Orthopedics & Sports Medicine. He first learned about Project Access when a patient approached his nurse, Chareen Jackson (pictured with Dr. Ratcliffe).", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " While a significant part of his practice is devoted to performing surgery on patients who have had multiple prior spine surgeries, Dr. Hanscom also practices a groundbreaking approach for conquering debilitating chronic pain without surgery that focuses on the state of mind, an aspect of chronic pain that today\u2019s medical establishment has largely ignored.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She practices in Birmingham, Alabama and has the professional credentials of M.D.. The NPI Number for Dr. Elizabeth Jacobson is 1962476978 and she holds a License No. 23689 (Alabama).", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " She has been caring for patients since 2009 at Family Practice Center in Middleburg, PA.</p> <p><strong>Education:</strong></p> <ul> <li>BS &ndash; Physician Assistant, Pennsylvania College of Technology, Williamsport, PA</li> </ul> <p><strong>Certification: </strong></p> <ul> <li>National Commission on Certification of Physician Assistants (NCCPA) </li> </ul> <p><strong>Professional Affiliation: </strong></p> ", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " She practices in Newport, Rhode Island and has the professional credentials of PA-C. The NPI Number for Mary Moon Manzo is 1730292244 and she holds a License No. PA 449 (Rhode Island).", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " In the forty-seven years that he has worked treating children, his main concern has been coming up with ways to reduce the pain that is associated with the treatment of illnesses.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " His clinical expertise includes microsurgery and the treatment of various neurosurgical disorders involving the brain and the spine in both children and adults. Conditions include brain and spine tumours, brain aneurysm (swollen brain artery), carotid artery stenosis (narrowing of carotid artery), stroke, myelomeningocele (defect in backbone and spinal cord), among others.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He is a specialist in hip and knee musculoskeletal care, including joint preserving procedures, joint replacement and complex revision joint replacement.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " His specialty is advanced surgical procedures for spinal deformity, reconstruction, and oncology; sacro-iliac joint conditions; and low back pain, especially pain caused by previously undetected and under-diagnosed conditions. He has been at the forefront of the surgical progression toward less invasive techniques, using neuro-navigation, image guidance, and other advanced technologies that reduce recovery times for his patients.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " While he put in long hours in med school, he is also putting in long hours as a resident. He always has to guard against fatigue and be alert in the operating room. But, Dr. Yu says he doesn\u2019t mind being on duty for 24 hours, and he has learned the valuable lesson of pacing himself for his entire shift.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " During his training, Dr. Rosett performed nearly two thousand cases, twice the number required by the American Board of Plastic Surgery. That experience, anchored at the University of Illinois-Chicago, afforded him a broad range of operating competency in the realms of both aesthetic and reconstructive surgery. Additionally, his medical background includes five years of general surgery residency at Henry Ford Hospital in Detroit and medical school at Rush University in Chicago. Having grown up in the Windy City, he brings an earnest Midwestern sensibility with him to Los Angeles.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He is MD from the Dalhousie University and a resident of Plastic Surgery at the University of Utah. He also worked as a fellow of Craniofacial Plastic Surgery from Indiana University. Certified by the American Board of Plastic Surgery, Dr. A. Hurst has hospital affiliations at Tucson Medical Center, Banner University Medical Center, Northwest Medical Center and Carondelet St. Joseph\u2019s Hospital.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Hungry for revenge, Paul takes matters into his own hands, hunting down his family\u2019s assailants to deliver justice. As the anonymous slayings of criminals grabs the media\u2019s attention, the city wonders if this deadly vigilante is a guardian angel or a grim reaper. Paul Kersey becomes a divided person: A man who saves lives, and a man who takes them; a husband and father trying to take care of his family, and a shadowy figure fighting crime; a surgeon extracting bullets from suspects\u2019 bodies, and a vigilante called \"The Grim Reaper\" who detectives are quickly closing in on....", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Siegel co-directs the MDA clinic at Rush-Presbyterian-St. Luke's Medical Center in Chicago, where he's a seasoned evaluator of when surgery should \u2014 and shouldn't \u2014 be undertaken.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She graduated from the Oklahoma State University College of Osteopathic Medicine (OSU-COM) in 1992. From 1993-2006 she had a private practice in Tulsa, Oklahoma and was a part-time Clinical Assistant Professor at OSU-COM. In 2006 she came to the college full time and now is Professor and Chair of the Department of Osteopathic Manipulative Medicine.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " She is the medical director of the Chronic Pelvic Pain Program. Dr. Strasburg is board-certified in family practice and completed a Women's Health Fellowship after residency and is a certified educator by the North American Menopause Society. She sees patients on the 8th Floor Crile Building at Main Campus. She is also an Assistant Professor with the Cleveland Clinic Lerner College of Medicine.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " She is the founder of Worldwide Healing Hands. She may be reached at 707-279-8733 or visit http://drspecialtycare.com/ or http://worldwidehealinghands.org/", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Dr. Lin graduated from University of California Irvine School of Medicine in 2003 and has been in practice for 14 years. He completed a residency at Lac Usc Medical Center. Dr. Lin also specializes in Hand Surgery. He currently practices at Congress Medical Associates and is affiliated with Methodist Hospital of Southern California. Dr. Lin accepts multiple insurance plans including Aetna, Medicare and Cigna. Dr. Lin also practices at Gary Michael Moscarello MD in Arcadia, CA. In addition to English, Dr. Lin's practice supports these languages: Spanish and Vietnamese.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He has won several honors and awards including the Jack Anderson Award for Scholastic Excellence given by the American Board of Facial Plastic and Reconstructive Surgery. He has several years of experience in cosmetic surgery and specializes in all types of body contouring and reconstructive procedures customized to meet his patient\u2019s needs.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He practices in Anchorage, Alaska and has the professional credentials of MD. The NPI Number for Dr. David Brian Trowbridge is 1356367007 and he holds a License No. 8297 (Alaska).", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " She\u2019s just started her first job as an anesthesiologist at Deaconess Hospital in San Francisco, she\u2019s bought a new home, and she\u2019s engaged to be married. In short, life is good for Hannah--until, one day, tragedy strikes. A patient under her...", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He is nationally known and highly regarded for his skills in this very specialized surgical discipline and is the only board-certified colorectal surgeon in the Sarasota area. In addition, he is a general surgeon skilled in both laparoscopic and most general surgical procedures.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He is appointed at Prince of Wales and Sydney Children's Hospitals, and operates at Prince of Wales Private hopsital. After graduating from the University of New South Wales, he completed his basic surgical training at Royal North Shore, and subsequently obtained his Fellowship of the Royal Australian College of Surgeons (FRACS) in 2011. He then undertook further subspecialty training in the USA where he was a clinical fellow at Hospital for Special Surgery in New York, which is ranked the top hospital for orthopaedics in the USA. This was followed by a paediatric fellowship at the Shriners Hospital for Children.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " His CareDash rating is 5.0 out of 5 by one patient, and he has one review. Dr. Mehl is affiliated with Specialty Physicians of Illinois in Olympia Fields, as well as Franciscan Health Olympia Fields & Chicago Heights in Olympia Fields. The procedures that Dr. Mehl most frequently performs are Joint Fluid Extraction and Knee Arthroscopy. Public records indicate that he received $1,974 in payments from medical companies between 2014 and 2017, which is less than a majority (52%) of orthopedic surgeons nationally. Dr. Mehl graduated from University of Iowa College of Medicine in 1988. He is licensed to practice by the state board in Illinois (036081362).", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She was born and raised in Minnesota and obtained her undergraduate degree in Spanish and Biology at Saint Mary's University of Minnesota in Winona, MN. She then decided to take a break from the Minnesota winters while obtaining her Master's degree in Physician Assistant Studies from the University of Florida. After graduating in 2016, Valerie practiced as a Hospitalist/Internal Medicine provider at Mayo Clinic. Her professional interests include pediatrics, caring for critically ill or injured patients, and internal medicine. Outside of work she enjoys running, traveling, baking and cake decorating, and spending time with family and friends.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Dr. Rettig graduated from Weill Cornell Medical College in 1967 and has been in practice for 51 years. He completed a residency at Ucsf Medical Center. Dr. Rettig also specializes in Sports Medicine. He currently practices at Methodist Sports Medicine The Orthopedic Specialists and is affiliated with IU Health North Hospital. Dr. Rettig accepts multiple insurance plans including Aetna, SIHO Insurance Services and Indiana University. Dr. Rettig also practices at Indiana University Health North in Carmel, IN.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Ms. Tsui received her Bachelor of Science Degree in Biology from Saint Mary\u2019s College in Indiana, graduating with honors. She then attended the Medical College of Georgia, where she received her Master of Physician Assistant Degree, and was inducted into the Pi Alpha National Honor Society for Physician Assistants. She joined North Georgia Diabetes and Endocrinology in 2016.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Based at Lister Hospital and Spire Harpenden in Hertfordshire. This Mr Adshead's personal website with information relating to his specialist areas and profile as a urological surgeon.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He specializes in gastrointestinal surgery and the management of colorectal disease. He has a particular interest in the development and practice of laparoscopic surgery and has developed an international reputation in the practice of laparoscopic resection for colorectal disease including bowel cancer. Dr. Rockall is also the creator of the Complete Rockall Score for Upper GI Bleeding.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " After his fellowship in Joint Replacement and Sports Medicine from NUH (National University Hospital), Singapore, he practiced in New Delhi, India with special interest in complex arthroscopic reconstruction. He took up a research at a specialized endoscopic spinal surgery center in Frederick, Maryland. Furthered his interest in wellness with a certificate in Physical Activity in Public Health from the ACSM (American College of Sports Medicine) and certified and volunteered as an EMT in Fairfax county, Virginia. He moved to Dhaka in August 2015. Presently engaged with Grameen Kalyan (Health) and Dhaka Community Hospital, a non-profit hospital and medical college with focus on the poor.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He specializes in the care and rehabilitation of medical problems related to the hand, wrist, forearm, and elbow and is affiliated with multiple hospitals, including Botsford Hospital and Oakland Regional Hospital.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Markowicz graduated from Ohio State University College of Medicine in 2003 and has been in practice for 10 years. Dr. Markowicz also specializes in Adult Reconstructive Orthopedic Surgery. He currently practices at White Plains Hospital Physician Associates and is affiliated with White Plains Hospital Center. Dr. Markowicz accepts multiple insurance plans including Aetna, MVP Health Plan and Medicare. Dr. Markowicz also practices at Bennington Hands & Feet LLC in Staten Island, NY. In addition to English, Dr. Markowicz's practice supports these languages: Spanish and Italian.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She plays a very important role in the breast cancer screening program and is very emphatic about educating females about breast cancer so as to aid early detection and treatment. She has a keen interest in academics and has published manuscripts in peer reviewed journals.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Louis, Missouri and an articular cartilage reconstruction pioneer He owns U. S. Sports Medicine in Kirkwood, MO, and LehmanHealth. Learn more about Dr. Rick.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr Yeo's clinical interest include treatment of all hand and wrist trauma and fractures, replantations and reconstructive microsurgery. He has a special interest in minimally invasive surgery for the hand & wrist problems, including wrist arthroscopy, arthroscopic assisted surgery, percutaneous fixation and endoscopic peripheral nerve surgery. He also manages sports related injuries of the wrist and hand.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He can help patients recover from spinal stenosis, herniated discs, sciatica and other conditions. Most patients can choose from a spectrum of treatment options \u2013 starting with conservative measures, such as medications and physical therapy, to mid-level interventions, including epidural steroid injections, to surgical options. For many patients, a stepwise approach is the best strategy, starting with basic measures and progressing to more advanced interventions if the problem persists. Dr. Nelson believes the best treatment is the simplest, safest option that relieves pain and restores function.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Andreas Nikolis is a member of the Division of Plastic and Reconstructive Surgery at the Centre Hospitalier de l'Universit\u00e9 de Montreal (CHUM).?His extensive training includes General Surgery (McGill University, 1996-2000), Plastic Surgery (Universit\u00e9 de Montreal, 2000-2002), Craniofacial Surgery (Institute for Craniofacial and Reconstructive Surgery, Michigan 2002-2003) and a MSc in Experimental Surgery (McGill University, 2001).", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He serves as the Chief of the Adult Spinal Deformity Service at Rhode Island Hospital and The Miriam Hospital. He is also the Director of Spine Surgery Research, and Co-Director of the Brown Spine Surgery Fellowship.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Mulholland is one of Canada\u2019s most respected and recognized plastic surgeons, known as an excellent facelift and rhinoplasty surgeon and innovator of cutting-edge procedures. He is a recognized expert and has taught aesthetic procedures to over 10,000 physicians in the U.S., Canada and internationally, at workshops he hosts all over the world.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He now lives in Sun City, Arizona. He is the author of three acclaimed novels on Wyatt Earp, as well as That Fateful Lightning: A Novel of Ulysses S. Grant. \"From the Hardcover edition.\" See less", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She is currently in private practice in Seattle, Washington, and is an adjunct faculty member at Bastyr University. Dr. Price was a National Institute of Health Research Fellow (2005\u221a 2010).", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Although she wasn\u2019t especially athletic in her younger years, as an adult she discovered the transformational power of exercise in her own health journey. She has recently taken steps to be able to share that knowledge with others. She is certified by the American Council on Exercise as a group fitness instructor and is currently enrolled in a 200-hour yoga teacher training program through the College of Purna Yoga. At Living Fit, she teaches a class for parents and toddlers called Family-cise. Using a combination of children\u2019s and popular music, she provides an safe environment for parents to exercise and have social interaction with other parents, all with the kids in tow! Children are included in some class activities, but also have free play with open-ended toys. Stay tuned for other classes in the coming year!", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He has been a CBMC/CPEC member in Mexico since 1997, and has been translating Monday Manna from English into Spanish since 1999. His translations reach readers in Mexico and many other parts of the world.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He performs all of his procedures at his private, state-of-the-art surgery center and is dedicated to providing each and every one of his patients with results that they can feel great about.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He grew up in Portland but has lived and trained at world-class institutions across the country. After completing a fellowship in shoulder and elbow surgery in 2007 at the Cleveland Clinic, he stayed on as faculty there for three years. In 2010, he returned with his family to Portland, where he took a position at the Portland VA Medical Center as section chief of orthopedic surgery. In 2016, he left the Portland VA to join Rebound.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She served as the national president of the American Medical Student Association for one year prior to completing her residency at the University of Washington in Seattle. Dr. Hughes has volunteered in a federally qualified health center through AmeriCorps, worked at Iowa Senator Tom Harkin\u2019s office in Washington, DC, and studied medicine and health systems in Brazil, Sweden, Tanzania, and Botswana. She has been a visiting scholar at the Robert Graham Center and at ABC News Medical Unit in New York City.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Lucia received her undergraduate bachelor\u2019s degree at Skidmore College in Integrative Biology and Dance. Lucia went on to receive her master\u2019s degree in physician assistant studies from... Read more", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " She tries to be energy efficient by not using her air conditioner until the temperature hits 90degrees. The bad news is that in the Philippines it hits 90 degrees 300 days a year.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He received his undergrad from Yale University and moved on to attend University of Virginia School of Medicine. His dedication and passion for helping others is what has made him successful in his career. Dr. Holterman is fluent in multiple languages as he travels the globe helping other communities. He has been awarded America\u2019s Top Doctor multiple times as well as several other awards.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " For years, individuals have went to his practice from all through the entire Dominican Republic plus the U . S . and surrounding countries. He has earned a really good reputation due to his reliability, skills, and extraordinary results.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He is a Fellowship trained Breast Cancer Surgeon from the University of Maryland, USA. He has published many scientific papers on Breast Cancer and he is frequently invited as a guest speaker in many gatherings to talk about his experiences regarding the best management of Breast Cancer.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He is board certified by the American Board of Facial Plastic & Reconstructive Surgery (ABFPRS) and the American Board of Otolaryngology \u2014 Head & Neck Surgery (ABOto) \u2014 one of a select few double board certified facial plastic surgeons. As a facial specialist, he does not treat any other area of the body. This specialization allows him to get the best results for patients with a wide range of facial shapes, features, and skin types. He is on the cutting edge of the latest advancements.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She practices in Anchorage, Alaska and has the professional credentials of M.D.. The NPI Number for Dr. Christina Viola Darby is 1225348592 and she holds a License No. 108257 (Alaska).", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " In 2010 he was invited to give a speech at Bucknell University in Lewisburg, Pennsylvania. A number of professors and students appealed to the university administration to have him uninvited because he is also a creationist.[90]", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He is the Chief of Urologic Oncology. He is an Associate Professor of Urology at Harvard Medical School. His expertise is in laparoscopic and robotic surgery for prostate cancer, kidney cancer, and reconstruction of the urinary tract. He is an expert in rare malignancies of the genito-urinary organs.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " In 2002, he was able pick up an activity that had interested him when he was a kid--woodworking. He has a workshop near his Washington home where he fashions works of art. He rarely buys a piece of wood because so much is available. His preferred wood is cherry, though he uses oak for furniture, and sometimes pecan branches for a particular project.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Curtis graduated from University of Cincinnati College of Medicine in 2001 and has been in practice for 11 years. He currently practices at Hartford Specialists and is affiliated with St Francis Hospital & Medical Center, Connecticut Children's Medical Center and Hartford Hospital. Dr. Curtis accepts multiple insurance plans including Aetna, Harvard Pilgrim and Medicare. In addition to English, Dr. Curtis's practice supports this language: Spanish. Displaying the profile of a physician or provider on this website does not constitute or imply endorsement, recommendation, or favoring by the sponsoring hospital. The views and opinions of authors expressed herein do not necessarily state or reflect those of Trinity Health Corporation or any of its hospitals/ministries, and shall not be used for advertising or product endorsement purposes.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He treats both children and adults with congenital, acquired, or trauma-related problems. He is a fellow of both the American Academy of Orthopaedic Surgeons (AAOS) and the American Society for Surgery of the Hand (ASSH), having earned an additional Subspecialty Certificate in Surgery of the Hand. Dr. Musgrave has conducted research involving bone regeneration, biomechanics, and clinical results, authoring over 25 articles and chapters. Dr. Musgrave was honored by Portland Monthly magazine as one of Portland\u2019s Top Doctors in hand surgery in 2012, 2016, and 2017.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " To date, Dr. Shektman has performed over 650 face and neck lifts as well as over 2000 breast augmentations, and many other cosmetic procedures. He prides himself on natural looking and aesthetically pleasing results.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She is past president of the Federation of Medical Women of Canada and vice-president of medical affairs of Medisys Health Group. Dr. Brown is a noted international and national speaker on wellness, continuing medical education, and women\u2019s health. As a member of numerous advisory bodies for both the provincial and federal government, she helps to make decisions about healthcare of Canadians.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He practices in Anchorage, Alaska and has the professional credentials of MD. The NPI Number for Mr. Lawrence Caroll Dempsey is 1134294093 and he holds a License No. 1512 (Alaska).", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " She practices in Little Rock, Arkansas and has the professional credentials of MD. The NPI Number for Dr. Molly Marie Gathright is 1487775458 and she holds a License No. E-4446 (Arkansas).", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He has been researching and developing virtual reality simulations for neurosurgical training for a decade and was involved in the development of ImmersiveTouch modules.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He completed his neurosurgical training and endovascular fellowship at Rush Medical Center. He is trained in endoscopic intracranial surgery, tumor surgery, spinal surgery and movement disorder treatments for conditions such as seizure and Parkinson\u2019s.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " It is her desire to inform people regarding Natural Healthcare & Preventative choices and teach them how the body can recover itself, putting individuals in a setting of true Informed Consent.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He has published a book titled \" Handbook of Foot & Ankle orthopedics\" that was awarded the \"Best Book in Orthopedics\" for the year 2014-15. He also holds interest in Art & Culture and is the Secretary of the Medico-Cultural Group, a group of culturally and literarily active medicos.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He received his medical degree from Case Western Reserve University School of Medicine and has been in practice for more than 20 years. He is one of 20 doctors at Chapman Medical Center and one of 28 at Fountain Valley Regional Hospital and Medical Center who specialize in Orthopedic Surgery.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Hillman is medical director of the Courage Kenny Spine Centers and the non-surgical spine program for Allina Health in Minneapolis, Minnesota. She works with patients who have neck and back pain to improve function and improve their quality of life.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Passionate about teaching, she started the successful ultrasound teaching program at Royal Prince Alfred Hospital by developing courses and workshops targeting Emergency doctors. Her on line Emergency course has also been adopted by the University of Sydney for their critical care ultrasound program.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " As an expert in limb salvage surgery, Dr Henshaw has introduced a variety of novel and cutting-edge techniques and technology to the region. He specializes in minimally invasive biopsies, endoprosthetic reconstruction, computerized surgical navigation, and limb sparing surgery for patient with bone and soft tissue sarcomas.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He teaches fellow doctors at all stages of their careers how to find, negotiate and secure their dream job, avoid being taken advantage of, and maximize their compensation while doing what they love without sounding greedy or pushy. Access his guide to negotiating for physicians by clicking here.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Vincent\u2019s hospitals. An alumnus of Sydney Medical Program (1999), Dr Jonker completed his surgical training in 2009. Dr Jonker has a particular interest in conditions treated with stereotactic and functional neurosurgery \u2013 and treats these with both open or minimally invasive neurosurgery and stereotactic radiosurgery.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Lee Cheng Kiang practices at Brain Spine Practice in Novena, Singapore and CK Lee Neurosurgery in Orchard, Singapore. He completed MBBS from National University of Singapore, Singapore in 2000,M Med (Gen Surg) from National University of Singapore, Singapore in 2004 and MRCS (UK) from Royal College of Surgeons of Edinburgh (RCSE), U.K in 2005. He is a member of Singapore Medical Association,General Medical Council UK,Royal College of Surgeons Edinburgh and Fellow Royal Australasian College of Surgeons. Some of the services provided by the doctor are: Back Pain Treatment,Tumours,Aneurysm,Headache and Nerve Pain Treatment etc.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He first became fascinated by 3D Printing over ten years ago, and has tried to use the technology to improve his capacities as a surgeon ever since. One of the first areas of neurosurgery he could imagine innovating with 3D Printing was the skull.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She practices in Birmingham, Alabama and has the professional credentials of M.D.. The NPI Number for Neha Patel Reddy is 1295025583 and she holds a License No. 32151 (Alabama).", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He obtained his Medical School from the Guadalajara State University and a resident of Plastic Surgery from Jalisco Reconstructive Surgery Institute. Dr. Guerrerosantos is the member of Mexican Association of Plastic, American Society for Aesthetic Plastic Surgery (ASAPS) and International Society of Aesthetic Plastic Surgery (ISAPS).", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He has helped thousands of people achieve the dreams of living a healthy life by accessing affordable and efficient medical care. He has conducted thousands of operations to people from different walks of life. He has made sure that every person he deals with is accorded the best medical care that he can. He does not look at the background or color of those he is treating. Everyone to him is a creation that deserves to be served with dignity.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She is originally from Indiana, PA and received her Bachelor of Science from Seton Hill University in Greensburg, PA. Accordingly, she received a Bachelor of Arts in biology from Indiana University of Pennsylvania.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " She has more than 5 years experience in her field of expertise. Dr. Ramya physician is associated with the Femiint Health Family Clinics in Seegehalli, Bangalore.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " She has experience in many aspects of general, surgical and cosmetic dermatology including the treatment of skin cancers, eczema, acne and allergic reactions. Casey is married with one child. When she is away from work, Casey enjoys watching movies, dancing, playing tennis and spending time with her family.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He was born in Palestine but raised in Kuwait and grew up with all his seven siblings. When he was older, he joined the University of Cairo to study for a degree in medicine. He then went to England for his internship\u2026", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Noff is the head of orthopedic Foot & Ankle division in Assaf Harof'e medical center in Israel and the president of the Israeli Orthopedic foot and ankle society. Dr. Noff obtained his M.D. from the Hebrew University and specialized in orthopedics at Kaplan Hospital. He undertook training in Foot & Ankle Surgery with Dr. Mark Myerson\u2019s in the United States, and since 1996 his entire orthopedic interest has been focused on Foot and ankle surgery in Israel. Dr. Noff participated in a governmental official scientific delegation to South Africa in 1988 and in a humanitarian delegation to Ruanda on 1994 and is actively involved in teaching and humanitarian care.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He practices in Birmingham, Alabama and has the professional credentials of . The NPI Number for Fernando Ovalle is 1104930916 and he holds a License No. 00020829 (Alabama).", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Dr. Bermani graduated from University of Baghdad College of Medicine Bab Al-Muadham in 1973 and has been in practice for 45 years. He completed a residency at Huron Hospital Cleveland Clinic. Dr. Bermani also specializes in Vascular Surgery. He currently practices at Jawad Bermani MD and is affiliated with Antelope Valley Hospital. Dr. Bermani accepts multiple insurance plans including Medicare, Blue Cross of California and Blue Cross Blue Shield. Dr. Bermani also practices at Antelope Valley Hospital Radiology in Lancaster, CA. In addition to English, Dr. Bermani's practice supports these languages: Arabic and Spanish.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He received his PhD from Cambridge University. He got qualified in Medicine and worked as a Specialist in General Surgery at the Central University of Venezuela. He then worked as a Senior view full biography...", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He is a specialist in the areas of adult reconstruction of the hip and knee. Find out more about the Orthopedics Institute programs at Rhode Island Hospital, The Miriam Hospital and Newport Hospital at: http://www.orthopedicsri.org/", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Anne graduated with a BS degree in Genetics from Iowa State University and received her Masters degree in Physician Assistant studies from Des Moines University. Anne is a member of the Society of Dermatology Physician Assistants, Iowa Physician Assistant Society and the American Academy of Physician Assistants. She specializes in dermatology, Botox, and Sclerotherapy. Anne practices in Atlantic, Audubon, Chariton, Corning, Corydon, Des Moines, Greenfield, Guthrie Center, Jefferson, Knoxville, Leon, Manning, Mt. Ayr, Nevada and Osceola.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Against all odds, she used a special diet to go from wheelchair to mountain bike, and became an inspiration to many. An MS diet may also help those with chronic pain. Let\u2019s explore the diet\u2019s application to chronic pain in this three-part series.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He is also the medical director of the liver programme at Mount Elizabeth Hospital. He subspecialises in laparoscopic surgery, management of gall bladder, liver and pancreatic diseases, and liver transplantation.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He graduated from the Medical Faculty of the National University of Singapore in 2000 and was one of the top students of his graduating class. He completed his Basic Surgical Training in General Surgery in 2004 and went on to complete his Advance Surgical Training in Plastic Surgery at the Department of Plastic Reconstructive and Aesthetic Surgery at the Singapore general Hospital in 2008.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He has been the Chief Medical Officer for Nobilis Health and North American Spine since March 2016 and served before that as the Vice President of Medical Affairs for 1 year. Based in Houston, clinically he practices cutting-edge techniques in treating spine, back and neck pain, as well as complicated spinal disorders in patients of all ages. His surgical emphasis is on minimally invasive techniques including laser and robotic surgery. He has been featured on KHOU 11, Fox 26, KPRC Local 2 and in the Houston Chronicle.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He is an Assistant Professor in Urology at the University of Pittsburgh Medical Centre and the Director of the Urologic Oncology Fellowship. He is a respected clinician scientist and is considered a pioneer for urologists in social media, particularly Twitter.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Garza MD Texas Plastic Surgery San michael decherd antonio Aurora Laser Hair Removal & Cosmetic Centres Bad Recent plastic surgery institute. Jon M Grazer MD MPH at 400 Newport Center Dr # 302 Newport Beach CA 92660. Dr.R.JAYAKUMAR MS Dip.NB MCh \u2013 PLASTIC &", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He serves as the team physician for the New York Yankees, New York City FC, and Rockland Boulders, as well as chief of the sports medicine service and vice chair of research in the Department of Orthopedic Surgery at Columbia University Medical Center.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Since that time, she has worked in small animal practice, treating dogs, cats and what are known in the trade as \u2018small furries\u2019 (rabbits, guinea pigs, other rodents and even the occasional hedgehog and sugar glider). As a professional who has treated a large number of very different types of animal, Kate is convinced that the complex interplay of biochemical, physiological, anatomical and neurological forces that enable life from conception to adulthood and ultimately death could not possibly have arisen by chance.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She is author of over a dozen DVDs/CDs on self-healing and rejuvenation. Dashi is China-certified in Wisdom (Zhineng) Qigong and Lian Gong, certified in Supreme Science Qigong and TriYoga\u00ae. She is Educational Director of the Center for BioTherapeutics in Miami. Visit www.AsianHealingArts.org to view her calendar of workshops, international retreats, articles on Qigong and DV", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " In addition to residency training in Internal Medicine he has completed research fellowships in General Internal Medicine at Johns Hopkins School of Medicine and Hospice and Palliative Medicine at Massachusetts General Hospital. He is an Assistant Professor in the OHSU Division of Hematology and Medical Oncology, an Assistant Director of the OHSU Center for Ethics and Health Care, and a member of the OHSU Palliative Care Team.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He is a native of South Point, Ohio. While at South Point High School, he was named All-Ohio in two different sports and graduated as valedictorian of his class.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Through a mysterious power, Jin Hyuk finds himself transported back in time 150 years. He begins treating people there, but the lack of necessary implements and rudimentary medical knowledge of the period forces him to seek new ways to aid the sick. Through this challenging process, Jin Hyuk eventually becomes a genuine doctor.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She is a Certificant and Fellow of the College of Family Physicians of Canada and a past Associate Clinical Professor at the University of British Columbia in the Department of Family Medicine. She is a past president of the American Society of Clinical Hypnosis, the Canadian Society of Clinical Hypnosis (B.C. Division) and the B.C. College of Family Physicians. Also available by Marlene Hunter Understanding Dissociative Disorder: A Guide for Family Physicians and Health Care Professionals ISBN 978-190442424-6", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " She has also been a contributing editor of The New England Journal of Medicine. In the last 15 years she\u2019s devoted an increasing amount of time to writing poetry, and received an MFA in Poetry from Warren Wilson College in January, 2014. Her work has appeared in The Bellevue Literary Review, The Gettysburg Review, JAMA, Passager, Beltway Poetry Quarterly, and is forthcoming in Gargoyle. She is married to Walter Weiss, a doctor and former med school classmate, and has two grown sons. She and her husband volunteer at a safety net clinic in Montgomery County, Md., and teach part-time as adjunct faculty at Georgetown University School of Medicine.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " She is best known for Singular Intimacies: Becoming a Doctor at Bellevue, the classic story of becoming a doctor by immersion at the oldest public hospital in the country\u2014and perhaps the most legendary. Ofri is also editor-in-chief of the Bellevue Literary Review, the first literary journal to arise from a medical center.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " She practices in Anchorage, Alaska and has the professional credentials of MD. The NPI Number for Dr. Heather C Tauschek is 1376766253 and she holds a License No. 6816 (Alaska).", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " His hospital affiliation at Carolinas Medical Center Pineville and Novant Matthews Medical Center shows his affection and care towards his patients which give him a distinctive identity between the Plastic Surgeons. He completed his medical education at the New York University and completed his post-medical school training as a Resident of Wake Forest University Medical Center. In addition to it, he also worked as a fellow of Plastic Surgery at Vanderbilt and Wake Forest University Medical Centers. Certified by the American Board of Plastic Surgery, he is the member of American Society of Plastic Surgeons and Fellow American College of Surgeons (FACS). He has specialization in Breats Augmentation, Breast Reduction and Liposuction.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " His 2014 book, Do No Harm: Stories of Life, Death and Brain Surgery, has been shortlisted for the Wellcome Book Prize. This is an extract from a forthcoming article in The Psychologist, 'Better not look down', where he shares his thoughts on psychology and the brain from more than four decades as a brain surgeon. It is due to be published in the June issue.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He also holds the positions of Clinical Assistant Professor of Surgery in the Division of Cardiothoracic Surgery at the University of California, Davis Medical Center and Clinical Assistant Professor of Surgery at the University of California, San Francisco.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He holds certification from the American Board of Surgery. He is also a member of many professional organizations including the American College of Surgeons, the Florida Medical Association, and the Charlotte County Medical Society. His areas of focus include laparoscopic surgery, endoscopy, open surgery, abdominal pain, gallbladder disease, GERD, hernias, skin lesions and cancers, colon polyps, diverticulosis and breast masses and cancers.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Her interests include neurological rehabilitation, Geriatric medicine and pulmonary rehabilitation. She is a member of the Coffs Pulmonary Arterial Hypertension Clinic, the first of its kind in regional Australia.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Dr. Joel Lobo is currently working at Lobo Joel Dr which is located at 601 Harwood Avenue South, Ajax, ON, L1S 3M1. He provides treatment of disorders affecting the bones (skeletal system) and surrounding muscles, joints and ligaments including sports injuries. With over 16 positive [\u2026]", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " His lab's work led to five national clinical trials, of which he leads a Phase III trial. He authored the most widely used pharmacology review book. Olson is the founder of Presage Biosciences and Blaze Bioscience: The Tumor Paint Company.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He specializes in sports medicine, particularly anterior shoulder instability, arthritis of the knee, arthroscopic rotator cuff repair, elbow arthroscopy, joint preservation, knee and ACL reconstruction, multi-ligament knee injuries, and total elbow replacement.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " One of his most popular procedures is gluteal augmentation. He has done quite a bit of work to make this type of surgery both safer and more effective. He says that this procedure gets a bum rap from many people in America because they usually only hear about it when something goes awry. He is on a mission to change this public perception and make it as popular a procedure to have as it is in Brazil, the gluteal augmentation capital of the world.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " As a Diplomate of the American Board of Beauty Surgical procedure* and member of the American Academy of Cosmetic Surgery, he has successfully handled hundreds of patients with a high satisfaction fee. Dr. Sessa is an Italian American, born in Brooklyn, New York and raised on Staten Island. He graduated with a bachelor\u2019s degree from Fordham, received his first put up-graduate diploma from the University of Connecticut in 1997 and earned his medical diploma from the Louisiana State University\u2019s College of Medication in 2000. After finishing his residency by means of one of many nation\u2019s high packages on the Louisiana State University in New Orleans, he went on to complete a Facial and Full Physique Beauty Surgical procedure fellowship in Salt Lake Metropolis, UT. Dr. Sessa has been skilled in all features of cosmetic surgery and is devoted to providing his patients with the latest expertise and highest quality care.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He has subspecialty interests in arthroscopic/keyhole and sports surgery, knee and hip replacements, cartilage regeneration and stem cell therapeutics in orthopaedics.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Minas graduated from Sidney Kimmel Medical College in 1982 and has been in practice for 32 years. He completed a residency at Minneapolis Sports Medical Center. He currently practices at Brigham & Womens Orthopedic & Arthritis Center and is affiliated with Brigham & Women's Hospital. Dr. Minas accepts multiple insurance plans including Aetna, Harvard Pilgrim and Tufts Health Plan. In addition to English, Dr. Minas's practice supports this language: Spanish.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She practices in Fpo, Armed Forces Europe and has the professional credentials of DO. The NPI Number for Dr. Tracie Christine Snider is 1689836090 and she holds a License No. 0102202450 (Virginia).", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He received his medical degree from Stony Brook University School of Medicine and has been in practice for more than 21 years. He is one of 22 doctors at Chilton Medical Center and one of 12 at St Joseph\u2019s Wayne Hospital who specialize in Orthopedic Surgery.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Davies graduated from Marquette Medical School in 1982 and has been in practice for 36 years. He completed a residency at Vanderbilt University Medical Center. He currently practices at Aurora Medical Center In Grafton and is affiliated with Aurora West Allis Medical Center. Dr. Davies accepts multiple insurance plans including Aetna, Medicare and Blue Cross Blue Shield of Illinois. Dr. Davies also practices at Aurora Sinai Medical Ctr in Milwaukee, WI.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He has lectured around the world as an expert in cartilage and meniscal growth, replacement, and repair and holds over 40 U.S. patents on novel inventions to improve healthcare.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He is accomplished in both minimally invasive spinal surgery and open complex spine surgery, having had formal training in both orthopedic and neurosurgical spine surgery.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She graduated with distinction from Quinnipiac University in Connecticut in 2002 with a Masters of Medical Science degree, and joined the practice in 2003. She is an active member of the American Academy of Physician Assistants and the Georgia Dermatology Physician Assistant Society. She is married to Subodh Lal, M.D., a gastroenterologist in Cobb County. She enjoys traveling & spending time with her family.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He completed his undergraduate degree at Brigham Young University before attending medical school at the University of Utah and residency at the University of Tennessee. Dr. Hansen enjoys being able to treat the diverse range of disease processes that comprise the specialty of general surgery. He relocated with his family to Cache Valley a little more than 3 years ago, returning to the place where his parents were born and raised. Before that, he practiced general surgery in Cedar City, Utah for 13 years. He and his wife have 6 children and still spend much of their free time attending music, sporting, and other events for their children. He also enjoys outdoor activities such as running, biking, hiking, camping, riding ATV\u2019s and working in the yard, as well as riding his horses. When he is not outside, he likes reading and is a huge fan of Louis L\u2019Amour.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He completed a residency at Montefiore Medical Center. Dr. Levine also specializes in Surgery. He currently practices at Joshua Levine MD and is affiliated with New York Eye & Ear Infirmary of Mt Sinai. Dr. Levine accepts multiple insurance plans including Medicare, Humana and Medicaid. Dr. Levine also practices at Laurie Tare PA in Hackensack, NJ.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He received his medical training at Cornell University Medical College, his general surgery training at The New York Hospital-Cornell Medical Center in New York City, and his plastic surgery training at Harvard\u2019s Massachusetts General Hospital in Boston. Additionally, he completed the prestigious microsurgery fellowship at The Memorial Sloan-Kettering Cancer Center in New York City.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Searching far and wide for a cure, he meets the Ancient One and learns the ways of magic. In addition to his vast array of spells, Strange is also a master of material arts. He strengthens his abilities even further with the Cloak of Levitation, Eye of Agamotto, and Book of Vishanti. When Strange teamed up with Hulk, Namor and the Silver Surfer, the Defenders were born. Strange also helped create the Midnight Sons, a team of heroes who often battled supernatural threats.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Winn firmly believes that every person should be able to seek care regardless of their financial circumstances; too often, he has found that those who need medical help the most are often unable to afford needed treatment. Acutely aware of the gaps in the healthcare system, Robert strives to reach out to commonly shunned populations such as those afflicted by drug addictions, and help them work towards long-term health goals. His convictions have inspired him to become a community activist and dedicate his career to ensuring that those with limited resources have access to quality medical care. Robert J. Winn is currently licensed to practice medicine in the state of Pennsylvania.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " She moved to California and worked for three years in a Sonoma community clinic practicing primary care and subsequently dermatology including cosmetics.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He is originally from California, and graduated from Brigham Young University in Utah with a degree in Biochemistry. He then received his medical degree at the University of Southern California, Keck School of Medicine and went on to complete his Orthopaedic Surgical Residency training at the Greenville Health System in Greenville, South Carolina. In order to further his expertise, Dr. Miller, completed a Fellowship at Massachusetts General Hospital/Harvard Medical School in Boston, Massachusetts, where he also served on the staff as an Assistant in Orthopaedic Surgery.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He earned his medical degree from Case Western Reserve University School of Medicine. He then went on to complete his residency at University Hospitals of Cleveland. He also completed a Fellowship in Foot and Ankle Surgery at the Hospital for Special Surgery.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " After his basic medical graduation; he completed his three year general surgical training from Saurashtra University. Then he had done his plastic surgical training from Osmania hospital, Hyderabad. After completing his training he worked in reputed institutes in India and abroad to further hone his skills. Having a special interest in aesthetic surgery he observed the clinical work of world famous aesthetic surgeons during his stay in Brazil Dr.Ricardo Baroudi, Dr.Ewaldo de souza Pinto, Dr.Saldanha.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She has a long-term commitment to the health of residents and the environment. Padi Selwyn is co-founder of Preserve Rural Sonoma County, a businesswoman, author, and 45-year resident of Sonoma County.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Dr. Clifford graduated from University of Florida College of Medicine in 1993 and has been in practice for 24 years. He completed a residency at Duke University Medical Center. He currently practices at Triangle Orthopaedics Associates and is affiliated with Duke Regional Hospital. Dr. Clifford accepts multiple insurance plans including Aetna, Medicare and Humana. Dr. Clifford also practices at Durham Regional Hospital - Hospital Medicine Department in Durham, NC. In addition to English, Dr. Clifford's practice supports this language: Spanish.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Hepler has a subspecialty interest in complex spine reconstruction including scoliosis, kyphosis, and spondylolisthesis but treats all spine conditions including disc herniations, radiculopathy, discogenic disc disease, lumbar and cervical stenosis, traumatic and osteoporotic fractures. He has authored multiple research publications and textbook chapters and presented research and talks at numerous national and international forums. He is an active member of the North American Spine Society and Scoliosis Research Society where he serves on various committees and an editor of the journal Spine.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She practices in Birmingham, Alabama and has the professional credentials of MD. The NPI Number for Maura J Kennedy is 1093821993 and she holds a License No. 00019186 (Alabama).", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He is one of the highly experienced people in this medical industry. He has been offering great service to people in need of pediatric surgeries. For the past four decades, he has done so much in making the industry getter through inventions which have never been seen before. From his work experience, he has managed to make a difference in the lives of the people by coming up with innovative ways of conducting medical surgeries. As a pediatric surgeon, he has conducted hundreds of operation in the United States and other parts of the globe. His involvement in medical missions especially in Palestine has earned him a good reputation.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He has been active in the American Society for Laser Medicine & Surgery for some time and also has been involved for years in laser-based photobiomodulation research, investigating how light can be used to promote wound healing and other therapies.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He is the Vice-President of the Dalhousie Alumni Association and resides in Rothesay, N.B. with his wife Lisa and two children, Emma and Adam. Brian is an Assistant Professor of Surgery at Dalhousie University and is based at the Saint John Regional Hospital. He has long been involved in the surgical education of medical students and residents.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She practices in Anchorage, Alaska and has the professional credentials of MD. The NPI Number for Robin Grendahl is 1730281684 and she holds a License No. MD3686 (Alaska).", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He focuses on the treatment of complex disorders of the blood vessels of the brain and spine; including brain aneurysms, arteriovenous malformations (AVMs), dural arteriovenous ...", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She practices in South Charleston, West Virginia and has the professional credentials of PA. The NPI Number for Aris L Smith is 1104348689 and she holds a License No. 2083 (West Virginia).", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He was fellowship trained in Sports Medicine by the world renowned Dr. James R. Andrews at the Andrews Institute in Gulf Breeze, FL. During his fellowship training he was involved in team coverage for the Washington Redskins, Auburn Tigers Football Team, Pensacola Blue Wahoos Baseball Team (affiliate of the Cincinnati Reds), and many local high school teams. He learned how to diagnose and treat athletes at all levels of training, from the weekend warrior to the elite professional athlete. As a former varsity football player, Dr. Hendawi has always connected with and enjoyed working with athletes of all kinds.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He studied at the Royal Australian College of Surgeons where he became a qualified orthopedic surgeon. In January 2000, Greg Finch joined the Shriners Hospitals for Children where he worked as a Pediatric Orthopedic and Spine surgeon.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " There are many Americans who go under the knife annually, and some have to return due to botches procedures. Dr. Rohrich is well known for his work, having been compared to an artist on many occasions. He holds a patent on a new breast implant and is constantly innovating new techniques to be used by other surgeons as well as himself. Currently Dr. Rohrich is preparing to be featured in 3 events highlighting surgery and the new technology advances.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He is the founder and director of the Hip and Pelvis Institute at St. John\u2019s Health Center in Santa Monica, Calif. A veteran of 35 years in the practice of orthopaedic surgery, Dr. Matta also is the founding President of the Anterior Hip Foundation. He has published more than 30 articles and studies on the advancement of techniques and methods used to simplify and improve hip replacement, pelvic and acetabular fracture treatment and periacetabular osteotomy.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Her job is to find breast cancer in her patients as early as possible in order to prevent death from the disease, and to minimize breast cancer\u2019s impact on a woman\u2019s life as a whole.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He practices in Apo, Armed Forces Americas and has the professional credentials of MD. The NPI Number for Robert A Wilson is 1629189279 and he holds a License No. 32214 (North Carolina).", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Her services include naturopathy, acupuncture, homeopathy, botanical medicine, IV and injection therapy. info@trueharmonywellness.com or 480-539-6646.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Erin received her undergraduate degree from the University of Michigan in Ann Arbor in 1996. She received her PA degree at Nova Southeastern University in Fort Lauderdale, Florida, in 2000.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Karen has been practicing dermatology for the past 10 years and enjoys seeing patients of all ages and skin types. Her clinical interests include acne, skin cancer, hair loss and cosmetic dermatology.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He is a former vivisector who has seen the agony of animals in laboratories. He debates the scientific invalidity of animal experimentation around the world, speaks out about the benefits of a vegan diet and offers lectures on the right of all sentient beings to live free of pain and suffering. His essays and interviews have been published in numerous journals and magazines and he has been interviewed on radio, TV and in print by journalists worldwide regarding animal rights. He resides in Los Angeles.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She practices in Juneau, Alaska and has the professional credentials of PT, DPT. The NPI Number for Taylor Nicole Parham is 1861908907 and she holds a License No. 129067 (Alaska).", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " She practices in Wasilla, Alaska and has the professional credentials of MD. The NPI Number for Dr. Carmen M Sugai is 1073638649 and she holds a License No. 6379 (Alaska).", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He is experienced in all aspects of orthopedic surgery, including nonsurgical management of many orthopedic and rheumatologic conditions. Dr. Chang also has many years of orthopedics teaching experience at a major academic medical center, has had a private practice and has over 20 years of service in the Army.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He is the Chief Plastic Surgeon for VIP Plastic Surgery, one of the most reputable plastic surgery practices in the Las Vegas area. Using an artistic approach and advanced surgeon skill, Dr. Khorsandi produces natural, gorgeous results for patients using proven and progressive surgical techniques. In addition, he also offers numerous nonsurgical options, including a customized approach to the liquid facelift, a procedure designed for patients who are not quite ready for surgery. Patients return to Dr. Khorsandi time and time again because of his endless compassion, dedication and commitment to excellence.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He is renowned for his research on lung cancer and other thoracic conditions, including mesothelioma. This research often focuses on developing more effective treatments and diagnostic systems and has resulted in over a hundred publications.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She is the author of \u2018Medicine abroad: compulsory for medics trained outside the western world\u2019 https://amzn.to/2tUCdX6 and \u2018Understanding contraception\u2019, an Amazon Best seller.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " She graduated with honors in 2007. Having more than 11 years of diverse experiences, especially in PHYSICIAN ASSISTANT, Lidice B Lopez affiliates with no hospital, and cooperates with other doctors and specialists without joining any medical groups. Call Lidice B Lopez on phone number (305) 545-6685 for more information and advice or to book an appointment.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Dr. Janes began a community surgery day at Peak One Surgery Center, affiliated with Pinnacle III, in collaboration with the Summit Community Care Clinic. Dr. Janes earned his medical degree from the University of Minnesota Medical School in Minneapolis and completed his residency at the University of Utah Medical School in Salt Lake City. Dr. Janes practices with Vail (Colo.) Summit Orthopaedics.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Since 1988 Dr. Salford and his colleagues have conducted many studies on radio frequency radiation and its effects on the brain, exposing over 1,600 experimental animals to \u2018low-level\u2019 radiation.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Grant graduated from University of Medicine & Dentistry of New Jersey Robert Wood Johnson Medical School in 1980 and has been in practice for 38 years. He completed a residency at United States Naval Medical Center. Dr. Grant also specializes in Spine Surgery. He currently practices at Northern California Spine Institute and is affiliated with San Ramon Regional Medical Center and Stanford Health Care ValleyCare Medical Center. Dr. Grant accepts multiple insurance plans including Aetna, Medicare and Cigna. Dr. Grant also practices at Valley Care Medical Center Pathology in Pleasanton, CA. In addition to English, Dr. Grant's practice supports these languages: Tagalog and Spanish.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He is also well trained in reconstructive plastic surgery. The core philosophy of his practice encompasses natural rejuvenation with minimal downtime to deliver beautiful, natural-looking results. He is passionate about attaining the most natural and beautiful results for every individual, balancing artistry, meticulous attention to detail. Safety, of course, is his number 1 priority.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Ferrone graduated from Yale School of Medicine in 1962 and has been in practice for 56 years. He completed a residency at Yale University School of Medicine. He currently practices at Newton-Wellesley Orthopaedic Associates & Sports Medicine and is affiliated with Beth Israel Deaconess Hospital Milton, Beverly Hospital and HealthSouth New England Rehabilitation Hospital. Dr. Ferrone accepts multiple insurance plans including Aetna, Harvard Pilgrim and Tufts Health Plan. In addition to English, Dr. Ferrone's practice supports these languages: Russian, Spanish, Korean and French.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She completed her clinical fellowship in the Craniofacial Center at Seattle Children's Hospital in 2006. Her research focuses on the epidemiology of craniofacial conditions, clinical outcomes, and quality improvement.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He practices in Anchorage, Alaska and has the professional credentials of MD. The NPI Number for Dr. Timothy Kavanaugh is 1053304766 and he holds a License No. 4942 (Alaska).", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " As a geriatrician and hospice and palliative care specialist, her clinical interests include providing comprehensive geriatric evaluations with a particular interest in disorders of cognition (dementia) and providing care to those with a high degree of frailty. In addition, Dr. Baraldi has a strong interest in providing quality care to the wide diversity of patients in the skilled nursing care setting, including short-term rehabilitation patients and long-term frail patients.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He received his medical degree from Indiana University School of Medicine and has been in practice for more than 20 years. He is part of the surgical group, Lynch, Puccia, and Lueking.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He employs a combination of traditional cranial approaches, minimally invasive neuro-endoscopy and stereotactic radiosurgery to provide his patients with multi-faceted treatment options. In addition, he leverages his sub-specialty training in minimally-invasive techniques towards spine surgery, incorporating both traditional and motion-preserving applications.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She sees gynecology and infertility patients at both the Honolulu and Kailua locations. Tricia is able to see a multitude of infertility and gynecologic patients including annual examinations, birth control consultations, menopausal complaints, breast issues, and many other female related problems. Tricia has a history of working in Obstetrics and Gynecology while specializing in Urogynecology from 2008 to 2011 at Geisinger Health System in Pennsylvania.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He treats athletes of all ages, from children to the elderly and specializes in treating knee and shoulder problems, although he also treats other injuries caused by sports, hobbies or work. The most common shoulder problems he cares for are rotator cuff tears, fractures, dislocations and separations, and he commonly treats knee injuries involving the anterior cruciate ligament, meniscus, cartilage, and tendons. In most cases, he is able to treat patients with non-surgical methods. When surgery is needed, Dr. Breslow is able to offer most patients minimally invasive/arthroscopic procedures which decrease patient discomfort and speed recovery times. Dr. Breslow stresses communication with his patients and [...]", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He received his medical degree from David Geffen School of Medicine at UCLA and has been in practice for more than 20 years. He is one of 12 doctors at Glendale Adventist Medical Center and one of 12 at Huntington Memorial Hospital who specialize in Neurological Surgery. He also speaks multiple languages, including Spanish and Russian.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Manfredi graduated from Yale School of Medicine in 1965 and has been in practice for 53 years. He currently practices at South Texas Oncology Hematology PA and is affiliated with Methodist Hospital, Metropolitan Methodist Hospital and Northeast Methodist Hospital. Dr. Manfredi accepts multiple insurance plans including Aetna, Medicare and Humana. In addition to English, Dr. Manfredi's practice supports this language: Spanish.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She is a member of the Miami Beach High School Hall of Fame, honored for her distinguished career as a doctor and for her civic activism. Ms. Granat was a child during the Second World War. In her interview, she talks about growing up on the Beach and the impact the war had on her as a child.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " She has an appointment as an Adjunct Clinical Professor through the Department of Family Medicine at Western University and has been practicing family medicine at one of the academic clinical teaching units since 1989.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Dr. Cooperman graduated from University of California Davis School of Medicine in 1984 and has been in practice for 34 years. He completed a residency at University of Michigan Health System. He currently practices at Andrew Martin Cooperman MD and is affiliated with Tri-City Medical Center. Dr. Cooperman accepts multiple insurance plans including Aetna, Medicare and Sharp Health Plan. Dr. Cooperman also practices at Tricity Orthopaedic Surgery Medical Group Inc. in Carlsbad, CA.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Aleece has a special interest in women\u2019s sexual health across their lifetimes, but she sees male patients as well. Join Aleece as she provides information to the community about sexual health and [\u2026]", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " She graduated from Humboldt University, Berlin in 1990 and undertook her Specialist Training in London. She was awarded the MD for the thesis on \u201cInsulin resistance and endothelial function in health and type 2 diabetes\u201d. Dr Baldeweg is the Training Program Director for the North Thames Rotation in Diabetes and Endocrinology. She regularly lectures at national and international meetings as well as Patient days for Support groups such as Diabetes UK and the Pituitary Foundation. She was made a Fellow of the Royal College of Physicians of Ireland in March 2009 (FRCPI) and a Fellow of the Royal College of Physicians (London) in June 2009 (FRCP).", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " She practices in Concord, New Hampshire and has the professional credentials of PA. The NPI Number for Jacqueline Stephany is 1033143268 and she holds a License No. 0106 (New Hampshire).", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " A Buffalo native, he earned his bachelor\u2019s degree in health and wellness from Buffalo State College. While a student, he was an offensive lineman for the Bengals football team. The team compiled a 24-18 record during his four-year playing career, including two appearances in the NCAA playoffs and an Eastern College Athletic Conference Bowl Championship.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He holds a degree of MCh \u2013 Neurosurgery followed by a fellowship in general Neurosurgery. He has 8 years of experience. He is a specialist in trauma, brain tumors and spine surgery. He is also a member of NSI. He is currently practicing at Fortis Hospital, Anandapur. On Sundays 9:00 am \u2013 10:00 am and Tuesday, Thursday, Saturday from 9:00 am \u2013 4:00 pm. Consultation fee for this doctor is INR 700.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " His main interests are spinal problems, pain conditions of the spine and face, and brain tumours, including tumours of the skull base and pituitary gland. He spends 50% of his time caring for patients with brain & pituitary tumours and the other 50% working on all aspects of spinal problems including infection, tumours, trauma and degenerative / wear and tear conditions of the discs and facet joints. In particular, he is interested in the role of minimally invasive spinal surgery in treating people with spinal problems, having witnessed the advantages of keyhole techniques during fellowship training in Australia. Richard completed a fellowship in Brisbane, where he became skilled in all aspects minimally invasive spinal techniques and has built up a large minimally invasive spinal practice here in Cambridge.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He says he recognizes that the way the law is currently structured creates a tension between employee and employer and says doctors too often get stuck in the middle.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Faria graduated from Topiwala National Medical College in 1985 and has been in practice for 32 years. He completed a residency at North Oakland Medical Center. He currently practices at Milot M Faria MD and is affiliated with Paul B Hall Regional Medical Center. Dr. Faria accepts multiple insurance plans including Aetna, Medicare and Humana. Dr. Faria also practices at Paul B Hall Regional Medical Center in Paintsville, KY.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She graduated Magna Cum Laude with a Bachelor\u2019s of Science Degree in Molecular Biology from Brigham Young University, and Summa Cum Laude with a Master\u2019s of Science Degree as a PA from the University of Oklahoma Health Sciences Center Medical School. She was the William D. Stanhope scholar of her class (highest GPA). She graduated in 1999 and began her career in emergency medicine, before finding her true love, dermatology. When not working, she spends her time with her husband and two children, as often as possible in the great Colorado outdoors.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " She is from Imperial Valley and has resided there most of her life. She attended Imperial Valley College Nursing Program. She then attended the Primary Care Associate Program that is associated with Stanford University, School of Medicine. Claudia Ruiz has been in affiliation with Sol Reisin, MD for the last six years. She enjoys providing care for her patients.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He said the new study \"complements prior research\" finding much the same thing, and he believes that \"the majority of patients can experience significant improvement over weeks to months without undergoing surgery.\"", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He\u2019s also a Full Professor at the University of Toronto\u2019s Department of Surgery and the Director of Post-Graduate Surgery, where he oversees all of the surgical disciplines. As the founder of Harmony Cosmetic, he specializes in breast augmentation, tummy tucks, and other body contouring procedures.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Sriram Shankar practices at Shankar Surgery in Tanglin, Singapore. He completed MBBS from University Of Madras, India in 1983,FRCS - General Surgery from Royal College of Surgeons of England, United Kingdom in 1987 and FAMS - Fellowship of the Academy Medicine from Academy of Medicine, Singapore in 1989. He is a member of Singapore Medical Council. Some of the services provided by the doctor are: Cardiac Intensive Care,Critical Care,Extracorporeal Life Support and Perioperative Echocardiography etc.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She worked for eight years in Groote Schuur\u2019s Hospital and was in charge of the emergency unit for three years. Next year, she will open a private practice clinic in Cape Town. Dr Kajee is a member of the esteemed board of directors of The Noakes Foundation. She [...]", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Dr. Dean Koh practices at Colorectal Clinic Associates in Novena, Singapore,Colorectal Clinic Associates in Joo Chiat, Singapore and Colorectal Clinic Associates in Orchard, Singapore. He completed MBBS from NUS-Singapore in 1994,FRCS - General Surgery from Royal College of Physicians and Surgeons (RCPS), Glasgow in 2000 and FRCS - General Surgery from Royal College of Surgeons of Edinburgh (RCSE), U.K in 2004. He is a member of American Society of Colon and Rectal Surgeons,Endoscopic and Laparoscopic Surgeons of Asia and Singapore Society of Oncology. Some of the services provided by the doctor are: Robotic Surgery,Colorectal Surgery,Laparoscopic Surgery,Anorectal Procedures for Cancer, Inflammatory Bowel Disease and Endoanal and Endorectal Ultrasonography etc.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He operates out of Victor Valley Community Hospital and St. Mary\u2019s Medical Center. As a surgical expert, Dr. Mobley is certified by the American Board of Surgery. He makes an effort to be a member of many different medical professional organizations in order to provide his patients with the latest technology and the most innovative techniques. He is an active member of the AASLD, ASTS, AST, AMA, SAGES and SCCM. He is an ACS fellow.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " By using her knowledge and expertise of how different diseases, including diabetes, affect the heart, she has authored Dr. Nieca Goldberg\u2019s Guide to Women\u2019s Health. Here, she explains how paying attention to total health can change the diabetic\u2019s life.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " In addition to his qualification as a physician, Dr. Brinker is a published researcher and product designer. He holds staff appointments at several hospitals in and around Houston\u2019s Texas Medical Center including Texas Orthopedic Hospital, Hermann Hospital, The Methodist Hospital and Texas Children's Hospital.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " His specialties include breast augmentation, breast lift, tummy tuck, facelift, and rhinoplasty. Women and men visit him from Albany, Clifton Park, Schenectady, Troy, Saratoga Springs, and Syracuse.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He serves thousands of satisfied clients in the Tampa area at his practice Gayoso Plastic Surgery. For more beauty information, check out their website.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Ramakrishna treats patients with gliomas, metastatic disease, skull base lesions, and pituitary disorders. He employs advanced awake mapping, imaging techniques, and microsurgery to ensure maximal tumor removal and achieve the safest possible surgical outcomes. (Read more about Dr. Ramakrishna.)", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He now lives in Sun City, Arizona. He is the author of three acclaimed novels on Wyatt Earp, as well as That Fateful Lightning: A Novel of Ulysses S. Grant. \"From the Hardcover edition.\"", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She co-founded IMDx while completing Harvard Medical School. Raising $40M in funding and closing almost another $40M in strategic deals the company had five FDA cleared and eight CE marked products before being sold to Qiagen. Alice has been an advisor to Third Rock Ventures, MIT and GE Healthcare Ventures. She holds multiple patents in personalized medicine and has been honored with numerous awards including a \u201cTop 50 Innovators\u201d by the World Economic Forum.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Dr. Whitney graduated from Texas A&M Health Science Center College of Medicine in 2009 and has been in practice for 9 years. He completed a residency at University of Texas Health Science Center. He currently practices at Alamo Orthopedics and is affiliated with Metropolitan Methodist Hospital. Dr. Whitney accepts multiple insurance plans including Aetna, Medicare and Humana. Dr. Whitney also practices at Alamo Orthopedics in San Antonio, TX. In addition to English, Dr. Whitney's practice supports these languages: Spanish, French, German, Vietnamese and Korean.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Greg Bonnen. She is a Houston native, and a graduate of Clear Lake High School. She graduated from Texas A&M in College Station where she received her Bachelor\u2019s of Science in Biomedical Science. Lauren later graduated from Nova Southeastern University in Florida with honors, and received her Master\u2019s Degree as a Physician Assistant.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He performs trauma and general surgery and provides surgical critical care to patients. His areas of expertise include chest and abdominal injury, rib plating (an operation to fix broken ribs), abdominal sepsis, diverticular disease, abdominal and groin hernia, gallbladder disease and soft tissue infections.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He has degrees in medicine and public health and board certification in general surgery, with additional board certification in trauma and surgical critical care.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Meier graduated from Loyola University Chicago Stritch School of Medicine in 1993 and has been in practice for 20 years. He currently practices at Wilshire Surgery Center and is affiliated with Cedars-Sinai Marina Del Rey Hospital. Dr. Meier accepts multiple insurance plans including Aetna, Medicare and Cigna. Dr. Meier also practices at The Pier Surgery Center in Beverly Hills, CA. In addition to English, Dr. Meier's practice supports this language: Spanish.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " At his office, he and his staff nurses regularly administers Botox procedures for his clients. The procedure, which is very quick and simple, takes about 15-30 minutes to complete. A syringe is used to inject Botox in various areas of the face where wrinkles have emerged. Dr. Miguel Delgado, M.D. and his highly trained staff takes great care when performing any procedure and therefore there is very little bruising, bleeding, or swelling afterwards. Final results can be seen in about ten days.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She practices in Birmingham, Alabama and has the professional credentials of M.D.. The NPI Number for Patricia Bowman Aiken is 1124318340 and she holds a License No. 32060 (Alabama).", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Flashing back to the 1980s, the Doctor gained a vital opening to do work for the royal family in Saudi Arabia. This was in the role of private pediatric surgeon. The reason he got this job is because he was the sole pediatric surgeon who was validated by the United States board. In an expressive way he would communicate in the two languages of Arabic and English.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr.Rakesh Saboo completed MBBS from Sawai Mansingh Medical College and Hospital (SMS), Jaipur - Rajasthan in 1997 MS - ENT from Dr. S.N. Medical College (Sampurnanand), Jodhpur - Rajasthan in 2002. Dr.Rakesh Saboo expertise in head and neck tumor surgery, phonosurgery, thyroplasty, Hearing Aid Fitting, thyroid disorder treatment, sinonasal malignancies, skull base surgery, sleep apnea", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Corpas School of Medicine in Bogot\u00e1, Colombia, with expertise in care of critically ill patients. In 2010, she became a member of the first telemedicine intensive care unit in Colombia, and she has been working as medical coordinator of the ICU Respirar S.A.S. in the state of Choc\u00f3, Colombia since July 2014. Dr. Prado Pino also works as a research assistant for the Natural Products Research Group of the Technological University of Choc\u00f3; part of her work focuses on assessing the antiparasitic properties of plants from the biodiverse Pacific region of Colombia. Research interests: Gloria is considering two topics for her MMSc-GHD research: an assessment of plants with promissory antiprotozoal activity from Choc\u00f3\u2019s flora and that may provide treatments against parasites such as such as Chagas and Leishmaniasis; or strategies to address domestic violence in Choc\u00f3 through policy or programmatic interventions.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Dr. Glatt trained with some of the world\u2019s most prestigious plastic surgeons at the University of Pennsylvania and Memorial Sloan-Kettering Cancer Center.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He specialises in surgery for weight loss and diabetes, acid reflux disease, gallstones, hernia repair and surgical emergencies. He is a Fellow of the Royal College of Surgeons and holds a Master of Surgery title for his research thesis. He is a member of the British Obesity and Metabolic Surgery Society, the International Federation of Surgery for Obesity, the Association of Upper GI Surgeons and the American Society for Metabolic and Bariatric Surgery.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " His practice is focused on cosmetic surgery, hand surgery, and reconstructive surgery for cancer. Dr. Momeni is the chief of plastic surgery at Overlook Medical Center, and a member of the Board of Directors at Summit Medical Group.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Cohn graduated from University of Michigan Medical School in 1986 and has been in practice for 32 years. He completed a residency at Rush Presbyterian St Lukes Medical Center. He currently practices at Cohn Steven R MD and is affiliated with William Beaumont Hospital Royal Oak. Dr. Cohn accepts multiple insurance plans including Aetna, Blue Cross Blue Shield of Michigan and Medicare. Dr. Cohn also practices at Interventional Radiology of Royal Oak in Royal Oak, MI. In addition to English, Dr. Cohn's practice supports this language: Spanish.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Richman obtained his undergraduate pre-medical education at Penn State University in State College, PA, graduating cum laude. He then enrolled at Jefferson Medical College, where he earned his M.D. degree. After performing his transitional internship at Frankford Torresdale Hospital in Philadelphia, PA, Dr. Richman completed a three-year residency in Ophthalmology at Brown University in Providence, RI, where he was awarded the William Tsiaras Research Award and was appointed Chief Resident of Ophthalmology. He then completed a Glaucoma Fellowship at the Wills Eye Institute in Philadelphia, PA. Dr. Richman continues to lecture and teach the residents at Wills Eye\u2019s Glaucoma Service.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He graduated from the University of Manchester Medical School in 1997. Peter had ENT training in Oxford, London and completed higher surgical training in Birmingham and the West Midlands.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She is board certified in Internal Medicine working in primary care. Dr. Abney attended Western University of Health Sciences in Pomona, CA and completed her residency at Legacy Internal Medicine Residency Program in 2014. She is a member of the American College of Physicians. Her interests include the prevention of disease while striving to form long term relationships with her patients. Her hobbies are spending time with her friends and family, camping, biking and travel.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Augustine, specializing in sports medicine. Dr. McClone has had a passion for medicine since he was young, and acquired an interest in sports medicine specifically during his residency at the Mayo School of Graduate Medical Education. He feels the most satisfying aspect of his job is caring for his patients, and looks forward to coming in to work every day to help his neighbors get back to doing the things they love most.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He completed medical school and residency at the Ohio State University, and is now training in a fellowship program at NYU to specialize in the care of cancer patients. As an avid scientist, he has presented research at international and national conferences, and has been published in a textbook as well as numerous scientific journals.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " She graduated from MCPHS University Boston with special recognition for academic achievements. She provides inpatient and ambulatory gynecological patient care, and surgical assist for emergency and planned procedures. Patients enjoy her energetic and comfortable personality brought on by her past experience working in improv comedy. She has a special interest in vulvovaginal care and educating student medical practitioners.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He joined this group in April of 2016 after 9 years as head of cardiac surgery at the New Brunswick Heart Centre, which followed a period as assistant professor at Stanford University. Dr. Pelletier trained at McGill University in cardiac surgery and Stanford University in cardiothoracic transplantation and ventricular assist devices. His areas of specialty include TAVI procedures, minimally invasive valve surgery, aortic valve and aortic root surgery, surgery for heart failure and minimally invasive coronary bypass surgery. He has authored over 55 peer reviewed publications, with over 100 abstracts accepted at scientific meetings and over 100 invited and local talks. He is currently chair of the Royal College of Surgeons of Canada\u2019s examination board in cardiac surgery.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He founded Meier Orthopedic Sports Medicine in June of 2006 to provide exceptional healthcare to his patients and research the latest in surgical innovation.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Karaca is Chief of Plastic Surgery at Huron Valley-Sinai Hospital. He is also Assistant Professor of Surgery at Oakland University William Beaumont Medical School. Having graduated from Istanbul University\u2019s medical school, he completed his training in Plastic and Reconstructive Surgery at Wayne State University Hospitals. He is a 2012 recipient of the Patients\u2019 Choice Award, which recognizes doctors who consistently receive top patient ratings. Affiliated with Huron Valley-Sinai Hospital DMC, William Beaumont Hospital Royal Oak and St. Joseph Mercy Hospital Oakland, his special interests include limited facelift and circumferential liposuction of the calf and ankle.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " After a year of internal medicine at the Jewish Hospital in Cincinnati, he completed his residency in Ophthalmology at University of Cincinnati and served as Chief Resident in his final year. He received his retina sub-specialty training at the Cincinnati Eye Institute / University Hospital of Cincinnati.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Her specialties include biological identical hormone replacement and biological identical hormone & pellet therapy. Wendy has successfully treated many chronic conditions such as acute & chronic pain, hormonal problems, hormone imbalance and fatigue by integrating Chinese oriental & western medicines, micro current and nutritional & herbal medicine. Wendy Pomerantz has been in practice since 1978.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He studied at the University of Michigan as a medical student. He also enrolled for residency at University of Michigan Hospital and Health Center. He has been licensed and certified by several boards such as American Board of Plastic Surgery and Texas State Medical License and has offices in Plano and Dallas. Moreover, he is a member of Dallas Plastic Surgery Institute. He not only has a specialty in Cosmetic surgery but also, can perform re-constructive surgery on face and hands.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He is Surgical Director of the Structural Heart and Cardiac Valve Program at the Yale New Haven Heart & Vascular Institute. Dr. Mangi is certified and re-certified by the American Board of Surgery, and is certified by the American Board of Thoracic Surgery.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " In this fun talk from TEDxMidAtlantic, Limb shows his work putting jazz musicians and rappers in fMRIs to see what happens when they improvise. (Read the TED Blog\u2019s Q&A with Limb here.)", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He has been recognized by the Top Doctor Program as one of the best plastic surgeons on the United States. The Top Doctor Program carefully reviews and selects top physicians. This is to help patients select the best physicians in the health care field. They carefully screen each physicians background, their board certification, and their medical education. They also review any malpractice and dispensary actions that were taken. Dr. Rod Rohrich was honored to be recognized by the Top Doctor Program.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He has 25 years of experience in radiosurgery and radiotherapy and has performed 3,000 radiosurgery cases during his career. In this Q&A, he explains the role of radiosurgery in the treatment of trigeminal neuralgia, the latest research, and the controversy over how success is defined.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Sams received her medical education from the Medical College of Georgia, and then completed her internship and residency in internal medicine at the Bowman Gray School of Medicine at Wake Forest University. She has also held an Academic Appointment at the Bowman Gray School of Medicine, serving as the Assistant Chief of Medicine for the Department of Internal Medicine. Dr. Sams has been recognized as a Castle Connolly Top Doc, and is a recipient of the Patient\u2019s Choice Award.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He has received the Howard Morgan Award for Distinguished Achievements in Cardiovascular Research and the Royal College of Physicians and Surgeons of Canada Gold Medal in Surgery. He is a member of the American Association of Thoracic Surgeons (AATS) and the College of New Scholars, Artists and Scientists, Royal Society of Canada. Dr Verma has an h-index of 61, with 15,029 total citations to 289 publications.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Benedetto del Tronto, Italy. Born on 7th May 1961, he graduated in Medicine at Bologna University in 1988, and obtained his speciality in Vascular Surgery in 1993 at Modena University. Atillio has undoubtedly been instrumental in promotion of foam, ultrasound guided sclerotherapy as a legitimate alternative to surgery in many countries and in particular in Australia and New Zealand. Atillio is an international teach of Phlebology and Lymphology, has hundred of publication and is the author or co-author of a number of books in phlebology and lymphology.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He has received advanced fellowship training at the Massachusetts General Hospital/Harvard Medical School in the fields of hip and knee replacement and hip arthroscopy.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Joseph\u2019s Hospital and Medical Center. He is an Instructor of Obstetrics and Gynecology and serves as the Clerkship Director for Creighton University School of Medicine. He is also a Clinical Instructor of Obstetrics and Gynecology at the University of Arizona College of Medicine. He is Board Certified by the American Board of Obstetrics and Gynecology.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Field was the first neurosurgeon to bring endoscopic skull base neurosurgery to the southeast United States and he is nationally recognized as an expert in this field.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He led the team of surgeons who recently performed surgery to provide a double hand transplant for a patient who had lost both hands during an accident.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He is one of the best orthopedic surgeons in India with orthopedic clinical practice in Kerala has done Primary, Revision Joint Replacements and Arthroscopic Ligament Reconstruction. Neck pain, cuff tear, low back pain, tennis elbow, ankle sprain etc., are some of the orthopedic conditions are treated in the hospital with all facilities and equipments.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Perennially voted one of Richmond\u2019s \u201cTop Docs,\u201d he has a strong commitment to excellence in all aspects of orthopedic care, ensuring that every patient is treated with courtesy and compassion. He has served as the team physician for the U.S. Olympic ski team and Olympic training camp, as well as various professional soccer, football, and hockey teams.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She attended Belmont University in Nashville, Tennessee, where she studied entrepreneurship and Spanish, before attending physician assistant school at the University of Texas Medical Branch in Galveston, Texas. She values forming lasting relationships with her patients and being involved not only in their physical wellness, but their mental well-being also. In her spare time she enjoys spending time with her husband and two cats, doing yoga, and studying foreign languages.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He treats on average 500 nerve injuries every year and has published research publications focusing on improving surgical repairs of nerve injuries and discovering new treatment options. Catch up on the latest research on nerve injuries.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Young graduated from Saint Louis University School of Medicine in 1971 and has been in practice for 47 years. He completed a residency at University of Pittsburgh Medical Center. Dr. Young also specializes in Vascular Surgery. He currently practices at Joseph Charles Young MD and is affiliated with Allegheny General Hospital. Dr. Young accepts multiple insurance plans including Medicare, Cigna and Great West.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " As a naturopathic doctor, she has been trained extensively in clinical nutrition, traditional Chinese medicine, acupuncture, herbal medicine, homeopathy, physical medicine (hydrotherapy, physical manipulation, massage) and other physiotherapies. She is a member of the American Association of Naturopathic Physicians (AANP) and is the vice president of the Ohio Chapter of the AANP.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Dr. Kim graduated from Tulane University School of Medicine in 1989 and has been in practice for 28 years. He completed a residency at Georgetown University Medical Center. He currently practices at University of Texas Physicians and is affiliated with Memorial Hermann Texas Medical Center. Dr. Kim accepts multiple insurance plans including Aetna, MHealth and Medicare. In addition to English, Dr. Kim's practice supports this language: Spanish.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She is a graduate of James Madison University and has been working at Sunshine Family Medicine Inc since 2014. Originally from Pennsylvania, following marriage, she moved to Ontario, Canada where she continues to live seasonally with her husband as co-owners of a farming business that also operates out of Clewiston. She has 3 adult children.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He comes to the community highly skilled and educated from training and experience in Milwaukee, Pittsburg and Belgium. Dr. Reuben likes to think he is a \u201csalt of the earth\u201d Midwesterner, which is appropriate for serving Salt Lake City.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She received her MD from St. Martinus University in the Netherlands Antilles, did her pediatric residency at University of Maryland in Baltimore, and completed her pediatric endocrinology fellowship at Weill Cornell - New York Presbyterian in New York City.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Although new to the city, she has quickly grown warm to the Texas flare she encounters from her patients on a daily basis. The combination of being a Morehouse School of Medicine graduate, being raised in Alabama, and retaining her Nigerian culture has cultivated her passion of working in typically underserved populations with compassion and grace.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " She has received many awards and distinctions from many countries throughout the world for her efforts and has been repeatedly nominated for the Nobel Peace Prize. Her struggle is not political, but humanistic, apolitical. Her aim is to stop the torturers and help the tortured.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He is a proud Dorado of Canyon Del Oro High School and excited to serve the community he grew up in. He enjoys basketball, movies, and spending time with his wonderful wife, who is a pediatric hospitalist. They are eagerly expecting the birth of their first child.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Ms. Stone joined Pacific Family Medicine (PFM) in 2011 to assist Drs. Catou Greenberg, Karen Kim and Carol Shi in providing quality and personalized health care.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " She will be speaking on the topic of nutrition at the November 7 Delaware Valley Functional Forum Meetup, in Willow Grove. For more information, call 215-233-6226 or visit MontHealth.com. November 2017", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " She earned her Bachelor of Science degree in Medical Technology from Arkansas State University. Upon moving to Phoenix in 1994, Scottsdale Medical Specialists hired her as a medical technologist, and then a laboratory manager.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " She practices in Biloxi, Mississippi and has the professional credentials of M.D.. The NPI Number for Mrs. Hebe Arroyo Diaz is 1427062884 and she holds a License No. 19018 (Mississippi).", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Her first priority is getting to know her patients. She takes great pleasure in improving and maintaining the health and well-being of all her patients, and she especially likes to see children grow up in her practice. As a strong patient advocate, Dr. Chung takes pride in meeting the health care needs of all her patients and is committed to serving her community. In her free time Dr. Chung enjoys hiking and backpacking throughout the Sierras. Her other interests include photography, cooking and spending time with family and friends.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " The neck is sometimes an issue for patients. When fat resides in the neck, liposuction is used to help achieve a sleeker neck and profile. In some cases, individuals with loose and sagging skin may need a neck lift in addition to liposuction. It is also common for Dr. Sorensen to address other imperfections that involve the chin and he may recommend placing a chin implant in order to attain the best result. During the consultation, the appropriate assessments will be made to gain insight as to whether neck liposuction alone will provide the desired results or if a combination procedure will be better suited.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She has just returned from Gaza and from the West Bank. Her efforts have led to Canadian contributions of $85,000 for a fully equipped ambulance, for a therapist to provide rehabilitation training at the Right to Live Center in Gaza, for intensive care medical equipment to a hospital in Hebron, to the Palestinian Healthy Child Fellowship program at Sick Kids Hospital, and to the founding of the Palestinian Canadian Physicians Society.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He completed his degree at Tulane University Medical School. Although he originally began practicing medicine with his father, he was attracted to the real estate development industry and launched McKenna Venture Investments. Unfortunately, Mark suffered devastating losses from Hurricane Katrina. This natural disaster destroyed much of his business interests, and he worked hard to rebuild the area. In 2007, he moved to Atlanta. A decade later, he founded OVME, a technology-rich, medical aesthetics business with the goal of reinventing elective healthcare. Speaking with Mark will give other entrepreneurs a closer look at his path and what makes him successful.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He is well-known throughout Baja and Northern Mexico for his gluteal augmentation techniques using gluteal implants. While this is one of the procedures he is most famous for, he also performs the complete range of body, facial plastic surgery procedures, and post-bariatric reconstructive surgery.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Rhoten takes care of clients as if they are his family, ensuring they receive fast and effective treatment. For more info: https://ideamensch.com/patrick-rhoten/", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She graduated as a medical doctor from the Royal College of Surgeons in Ireland and completed her specialist training in rehabilitation medicine in NSW. Dr Al Hanna has trained in several leading rehabilitation units in Sydney including the Spinal Injury Unit at the Royal Rehab and the Brain Injury Unit at Westmead Hospital. She was awarded the Fellowship of the Australasian Faculty of Rehabilitation Medicine (FAFRM) of the Royal Australasian College of Physicians (RACP) in 2015.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " The doctor received his qualification from the Harvard University where he graduated with a Bachelors Degree. He went on with his education at The John Hopkins University School of Medicine where he earned his Medical Degree. His areas of specialty include the general surgery and plastic surgery. Dr. Mofid is further board certified by the San Diego and La Jolla Area Plastic Surgeon, the American Board of Plastic Surgery,\u2026", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Werner graduated from University of Louisville School of Medicine in 1988 and has been in practice for 30 years. He completed a residency at University of Louisville School of Medicine. Dr. Werner also specializes in Sports Medicine. He currently practices at Louisville Bone & Joint Specialists and is affiliated with Norton Brownsboro Hospital. Dr. Werner accepts multiple insurance plans including Aetna, Medicare and Blue Cross Blue Shield of Illinois. Dr. Werner also practices at Physicians Medical Center in New Albany, IN.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " In addition to being a skilled breast surgeon, Dr. Fuentes performs a number of other procedures, including Tijuana facelift, rhinoplasty, and eyelid surgery. He is also renowned for his body contouring techniques and has helped countless liposuction, body lift and tummy tuck Tijuana, Mexico surgeons.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She is a blogger, YouTuber, and the creator of BalanceFitnessOnline, geared to connect with, motivate, and educate like-minded individuals. Her goal is to share her fitness journey, health and wellness tips, and fun travel videos [...]", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Vincent Medical Center. He received his medical degree from University of Hawaii John A. Burns School of Medicine and has been in practice for more than 20 years. He also speaks multiple languages, including Japanese.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She practices in Auburn, Alabama and has the professional credentials of MD. The NPI Number for Dr. Adahli Estrada Massey is 1295825461 and she holds a License No. 00023033 (Alabama).", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " She received her undergraduate degree from Louisiana State University, Baton Rouge, LA. Amy completed her Masters of Physician Assistant Studies at the University of South Alabama in Mobile, AL.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " A sea change helped her realize a lifelong passion for writing. In this talk Fiona shares some of her journey, from the first faltering steps to her giant leaps into the world of publishing.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " She is the Co-Director for the CanadiEM Digital Scholars Fellowship and is the Lead Editor/Co-Founder of ALiEM Approved Instructional Resources - Professional (AIR-Pro) series", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He treats spine, brain and nerve injuries, diseases and disorders in both children and adult patients. He emulates the best neurosurgery practices of the best neurosugeons.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She grew up in Boston, Massachusetts, received her Bachelor\u2019s degree in Biology from Tufts University, and her Master\u2019s degree from Seton Hall University/UMDNJ in 2003. Hanh moved to the Northern Virginia area after completion of school and has been working in Family Medicine since 2003.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " A native of Michigan, Dr. Creasman graduated from the University of Michigan Medical School. After completing a residency in General Surgery at the Henry Ford Hospital, he pursued his training in Plastic Surgery at UCLA Medical Center.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Vogel received his training at The Johns Hopkins Hospital in Baltimore and remains on the teaching faculty as an Associate Professor in the Department of Plastic Surgery. Hair restoration constitutes approximately 40% of his current practice and Dr. Vogel fully integrates this component with other procedures in facial and general cosmetic surgery. He believes that the use of non-surgical medical treatments for hair loss is becoming a progressively important component to the comprehensive approach to hair loss, especially in women. And that the use of 82M is part of that complete methodology. Additional information about Dr. Vogel and his practice can be found at www.drvogelplasticsurgeon.com.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Zilberfarb holds a certificate of added qualification in sports medicine, and specializes in minimally invasive shoulder, elbow, knee and ankle surgery, as well as total shoulder replacement surgery. He is also co-founder of Meeks and Zilberfarb Orthopedics and Sports Medicine in Brookline and Dedham, Mass. In addition to his work at NEBH, he holds an academic appointment at Harvard Medical School, where he teaches medical students and orthopedic surgery residents.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He is also a professor of plastic surgery at the Department of Plastic Surgery UT Southwestern Medical Center. Dr. Rohrich is famous in his world. He is highly respected in the medical field as an innovative practitioner and teacher of his craft. Dr. Rohrich made appearances on several different major television programs such as Good Morning America, the Oprah Winfrey Show and The View. Dr. Rohrich specializes in restoring youth to the human face and body. He holds many different positions at prestigious organizations throughout the medical field and continues to pave the way for other surgeons who study his work.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He is the member of American Society for Aesthetic Plastic Surgery (ASAPS) and American Society of Plastic Surgeons (ASPS). Dr. Engeron completed his MD from the Louisiana State University. He joined the University of Texas as a Resident of Plastic Surgery. Dr. Engeron has hospital affiliations at Terrebonne General Medical Center and Physicians Medical Center.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He completed a residency at Duke University Medical Center. Dr. Meade also specializes in Surgery. He currently practices at Dallas Plastic Surgery Institute and is affiliated with Medical City Frisco. Dr. Meade accepts multiple insurance plans including Aetna, Medicare and Humana. In addition to English, Dr. Meade's practice supports this language: Spanish.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Now she is a dedicated speaker, writer, educator and Parkinson\u2019s advocate. She speaks passionately about the challenges of adjusting physically and emotionally and the coping strategies available to patients.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Dr. Rod has achieved a great level of success in his surgical practice. In fact, he has become known internationally as one of the most highly skilled plastic surgeons available. Having been featured on several popular talk shows, Dr. Rohrich has received critical acclaim for his innovative techniques and expert skill.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She received her Bachelor of Arts degree in Psychology from the University of San Diego and a master\u2019s degree in Health Psychology from San Diego State University. Lindsay decided to pursue a career in medicine and went on to graduate with a master\u2019s degree from the Keck School of Medicine of the University of Southern California Physician Assistant Primary Care Program. She is a member of the American Academy of Physician Assistants and the California Association of Physician Assistants. Lindsay lives in Carlsbad with her husband and young daughters and enjoys family time at the beach.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " She practices in Decatur, Alabama and has the professional credentials of M.D.. The NPI Number for Samantha S Wyatt is 1942247150 and she holds a License No. 00026547 (Alabama).", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He has a very good reputation as a doctor. He has been in practice for about 8 years, but in this period, he has created a name that many who have been in the industry for long-term have not managed. He is known for prioritizing the needs of the clients before anything else. He has taken up tasks of plastic surgeries and has executed them with great precision. He is one of the people have made it possible for the people to go through plastic surgeries successful. He is among a new breed of plastic surgeons who have promised to change the industry. They want to oust the sad days where plastic surgeries were a 50/50 affair.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He specializes in sports medicine, including arthroscopy and reconstructive procedures of the knee, shoulder and hip. Dr. Salzler is the team physician for Tufts University, Emerson College,the Quincy Militia, and Quincy High School and the former assistant team physician for the Pittsburgh Steelers, the University of Pittsburgh, and Carnegie Mellon. He received his medical degree from Columbia in NYC, completed his internship in General Surgery at MGH, his Residency in the Harvard Combined Orthopedic Residency Program and his Fellowship in Orthopedic Sports Medicine at the University of Pittsburgh Medical Center.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She practices in Anchorage, Alaska and has the professional credentials of D.O.. The NPI Number for Linda A Ireland is 1588689368 and she holds a License No. 5383 (Alaska).", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He is board certified in Family Medicine and Sports Medicine. He is a graduate of the UA Family Medicine Residency Program and Primary Care Sports Medicine Fellowship. He serves as an instructor and faculty in the Department of Family and Community Medicine at the UA College of Medicine. He is also a fellow of the American Academy of Family Physicians. He is fluent in Spanish.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " When home intruders brutally attack his wife and young daughter, Kersey becomes obsessed with delivering vigilante justice to the perpetrators. As the anonymous slayings grab the media's attention, the public begins to wonder if the deadly avenger is a guardian angel -- or the Grim Reaper itself.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He engages with companies on technology evaluation and development, business development, as well as customer facing issues such as branding, customer experience, and customer acquisition. His current interests span the healthcare and life science industries, particularly those businesses and services that have a consumer healthcare/wellness, tech enablement component.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Her areas of interest include global health, complex humanitarian emergencies and refugee protection. She has conducted human rights research and advocacy in the Middle East and, in 2014, joined a team of Harvard FXB researchers on a rapid\u2026", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He specialises in the treatment of colon and rectal cancers. He also treats anal conditions such as piles, fistulae (abnormal connections) and fissures (tears). Dr Teoh is also able to perform keyhole surgeries such as gall bladder removal, appendix removal, large intestine surgery, and endoscopic procedures such as gastroscopy and colonoscopy.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Cuschieri graduated from Wayne State University School of Medicine in 1994 and has been in practice for 24 years. He completed a residency at Henry Ford Health System. Dr. Cuschieri also specializes in Trauma Surgery. He currently practices at Harborview Medical Center Chest Clinic and is affiliated with Harborview Medical Center. Dr. Cuschieri accepts multiple insurance plans including Aetna, Regence Health Plans and Medicare. Dr. Cuschieri also practices at Gastroenterology Clinic at Harborview in Seattle, WA. In addition to English, Dr. Cuschieri's practice supports these languages: French, Tagalog, Russian, Korean, Spanish, German and Vietnamese.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She is a licensed Physician Assistant by the Florida Department of Health and certified by the National Commission on Certification of Physician Assistants. Samuels obtained a Bachelors of Arts in Psychology and Biology with honors, Magna Cum Laude, from Yeshiva University in 2003. She then went on to graduate with a Masters of Clinical Medical Science from Barry University.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He is an attending surgeon at St. Vincent Medical Center, Cedars-Sinai Medical Center, Scripps Memorial Hospital, Sharp Memorial Hospital, Children\u2019s Hospital of San Diego and University of California at San Diego Thornton Hospital as well as serving as Director of Spine Trauma Cedars-Sinai Spine Center and Orthopaedic Center.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She grew up in Haymarket, Virginia and graduated summa cum laude with a Bachelor of Science in Biology at Bridewater College. She then completed her graduate work with specialized training in dermatology at Shenandoah University and received a Master of Science in Physician Assistant Studies. She is an active member of the American Academy of Physician Assistants (AAPA) and the Society of Dermatology Physician Assistants (SDPA). She regularly attends conferences hosted by the American Academy of Dermatology (AAD) to stay well informed on the latest dermatology treatments and procedures.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " She is committed to the advancement of science and medicine. She is currently the vice president of Clinical Research for the Northwell Health (formerly North Shore-LIJ Health System).", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Dr. Richard Obedian always puts his patients first. Dr. Richard Obedian has always stayed on top of the latest orthopedic trends and developments, so that he can continue to provide his patients with excellent healthcare. He is known as a technically excellent surgeon who has a high rate of patient satisfaction.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She received her Bachelor of Arts degree in Health Fitness from Gustavus Adolphus College in Saint Peter, Minnesota and her Master's Degree in Physician Assistant Studies from Massachusetts College of Pharmacy and Health Sciences in Worcester, Massachusetts. Prior to coming to the University of Minnesota she worked in Family Practice in Pennsylvania and Minnesota and most recently in Hematology/Oncology at the Roger Maris Cancer Center in Fargo, North Dakota. She enjoys traveling, sports, cooking, and spending time with her husband and Golden Retrievers, Chara and Grace.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He obtained his Master of Medicine (O&G) and became a member of the Royal College of Obstetricians and Gynaecologists (United Kingdom) in 2007. He was appointed Clinical Tutor in Yong Loo Lin School of Medicine and Duke-NUS Graduate Medical School.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She practices in Bolivar, Missouri and has the professional credentials of PA-C. The NPI Number for Caressa R Patel is 1992123889 and she holds a License No. 2014005144 (Missouri).", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Dr. Heyne graduated from University of Texas Health Science Center at Houston McGovern Medical School in 2003 and has been in practice for 14 years. He currently practices at Texas Health Care Pllc and is affiliated with Medical City Alliance, Baylor All Saints Medical Center at Fort Worth and John Peter Smith Hospital. Dr. Heyne accepts multiple insurance plans including Aetna, Medicare and Humana. In addition to English, Dr. Heyne's practice supports this language: Spanish.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " While at Stanford, Janelle obtained her Master\u2019s degree in medical science in conjunction with Saint Francis University and gained a wide breadth of clinical experience, including inpatient rotations at Stanford Hospital and a surgical rotations at Mercy General Hospital. Prior to her professional training, Janelle graduated from UC Davis with a Bachelor of Science in Neurobiology, Physiology and Behavior.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He\u2019s heavily involved with the World Professional Organization for Transgender Health and was one of the authors of the organization\u2019s 7th Edition of The Standards of Care\u2014basically, he\u2019s helping to write the book on the future of transgender medicine. That\u2019s why it may be disappointing for some transgender men to hear that Schechter doesn\u2019t see the penis implant as a viable option in the near future.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " After obtaining his medical degree from the Royal College of Surgeons in Ireland, he completed his Urology Residency at the Smith Institute for Urology, Hofstra North Shore-LIJ School of Medicine. He remained to complete his Endourology fellowship in New York gaining additional subspectialty expertise in robotic, laparoscopic, and percutaneous surgery. Subsequently, he completed a Urologic Oncology fellowship at the National Cancer Institute, National Institutes of Health. Dr. George\u2019s clinical practice includes both surgical and non-operative management of prostate, kidney, ureteral, testicular, and bladder cancers. Dr. George\u2019s research interests include minimally invasive and image-guided treatments, functional prostate imaging and focal therapy for prostate cancer.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " His experience in the operating room led him to invent a simple device for protecting a patient's face during surgery. Rather than elaborate about the why's and wherefore's of the Saving Eyes face shield,...", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She teaches couples how to have emotional connection and sensual passion so they fall more deeply in love with each passing year. Alexandra believes that men and women enjoying juicy marriages have better relationships with everyone in their lives. It turns out that the skills necessary to create a fantastic relationship are the same ones a speaker uses to connect with her audience and make certain her message is memorable.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He is a perfect representation of a well rounded doctor. He's played having played competitive sports, has written well regarded professional papers, and continues to provide top class treatment to his patients.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " A member of the Catholic Writers\u2019 Guild, the Catholic Illustrators\u2019 Guild, and a volunteer librarian at St. Patrick parish in Columbus, OH, she blogs about Molly et. al. over at www.mollymcbrideandthepurplehabit.com.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He manages a variety of relating to the mouth, teeth and facial areas. Dr. Saxe practices Oral Surgery with expertise ranging from Dental Implants, Wisdom Teeth Extractions, TMJ Therapy to mouth sores, infections, cosmetics, oral cancers and more. Proudly serving patients from Las Vegas, Henderson, Pahrump, Bullhead City and all of Clark County.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She has assisted with a wide range of surgical procedures and is an integral part of patient care. Jennifer has a Master of Medical Science in Physician Assistant Studies with an emphasis in surgery from Midwestern University.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He says the leave application process under the FMLA puts the doctor in the middle of a potentially tense relationship between employer and employee. (Photo shared by Marc Downing)", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He recently completed his fellowship at the University of Pittsburgh Medical Center. While at the University of Pittsburgh he was the Associate Head Team Orthopaedic Surgeon for both the Duquesne University Football team and the University of Pittsburgh Men\u2019s Basketball team. He also worked as a Team Physician for the Pittsburgh Steelers, the Pittsburgh Penguins, the University of Pittsburgh athletics, Robert Morris College athletics, as well as the Pittsburgh Ballet. Dr. Hammond also spent time at the Hospital for Special Surgery in New York City working with Dr. Bryan Kelly, who is a world-renowned expert in hip arthroscopy.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She has actively practiced yoga for more than fifteen years, and has completed both 200hr and 300hr teacher trainings. In 2017, she was selected by Number 1 executive coach and leadership thinker Marshall Goldsmith from among 16,000 applicants as one of the MG 100 coaches. Dr. Rosenberg teaches yoga primarily \u201cbeyond the mat,\u201d helping individuals and groups to apply the principles and practice of yoga to their daily lives and to support their overall health and well-being, to achieve success, and to become more effective leaders. She lives in Connecticut and Florida. For more information, see www.julierosenbergmd.com.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He has received formal training in medical device innovation at Stanford University Biodesign Program and has served as a guest lecturer in entrepreneurship and innovation in several countries. Vic has advised and consulted for a number of startup companies in areas including clinical needs assessment, clinical trial design and business model identification, and has assisted in the genesis of new medical device innovation programs at a number of universities. He has also authored several research publications and is an inventor of a number of pending patents. Vic McCray holds faculty appointments at the University of California, San Francisco and California Northstate University.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Vincent\u2019s Health System. Lance is originally from Alberta, Canada, where he played hockey competitively and played on the Canadian National Team prior to being drafted by the St. Louis Blues of the NHL. Lance completed his general surgery internship and residency at Tulane Hospital, in New Orleans (post-Katrina) followed by a fellowship in Colon and Rectal Surgery in Orlando, FL.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He has been involved in the development of VRML tools for training neurosurgery procedures such as ventricular catheterisation and Trigeminal Neuralgia. See the Web Site for Web-Based Surgical Simulators and Medical Education Tools.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He performs about 350 surgeries a year, including 25 lung transplants and 1,021 valve replacements and repairs total during his time at the Cleveland Clinic. He specializes in minimally invasive aortic valve surgery, aortic root surgery, radiation-induced heart disease and hybrid aortic operations, and interventions and lung transplantation.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He completed his orthopaedic surgery studies at the University of Stellenbosch in Cape Town and continued his specialisation with a fellowship under Dr Mark Myerson at the Institute for Foot and Ankle Reconstruction at the Mercy Medical Centre in Baltimore, USA.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He believes that studies like these confirm social attitudes on hair loss, and \u201cmay very well lead to an increase in the numbers of this already popular procedure over time.\u201d", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " His areas of expertise include hip and knee replacement surgery, knee surgery for injuries including cartilage (meniscal) tears and cruciate ligament ruptures, and cartilage transplantation.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She graduated from Master of Physician Assistant, Eastern Virginia Medical School, Norfolk VA in 2015 and specializes in physician assistant (pa), family medicine, and more.Read her story", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " She practices in Apo, Armed Forces Europe and has the professional credentials of M.D.. The NPI Number for Dr. Anne B Felde is 1689759508 and she holds a License No. MD00039206 (Washington).", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Dr. Milne graduated from Baylor College of Medicine in 1987 and has been in practice for 31 years. He completed a residency at Baylor College of Medicine. He currently practices at Texas Health Care Bone & Joint and is affiliated with Baylor All Saints Medical Center at Fort Worth, Harris Methodist Southwest and Medical City Fort Worth. Dr. Milne accepts multiple insurance plans including Aetna, Medicare and Humana. In addition to English, Dr. Milne's practice supports this language: Spanish.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She is an Assistant Professor in the Department of Family and Community Medicine at the University of Toronto as well as preceptor for medical students and residents. Before attending medical school she enjoyed a career in Toronto municipal politics and journalism that included being a senior policy adviser to Mayor Barbara Hall, as well as a reporter for Now Magazine.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Her publication, \u201cNatural Procreative Technology for infertility and Recurrent Miscarriage: Outcomes in a Canadian Practice,\u201d was published in Canadian Family Physician, a national journal, in May, 2012.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Considered a local hero by both residents and the media in Mount Clements, MI where he saved a patient from an amputation and helped him to walk again, he specializes in all orthopedic conditions and injuries\u2026", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She earned her medical degree from Nova Southeastern University in 1987. Dr. Kang has completed several residency programs for family medicine, obstetrics, and gynecology, including most recently at the University of Miami in 1993.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Dr. Andreshak graduated from Chicago Medical School at Rosalind Franklin University of Medicine & Science in 1991 and has been in practice for 27 years. He completed a residency at University of Iowa Hospitals & Clinics. Dr. Andreshak also specializes in Spine Surgery. Dr. Andreshak accepts multiple insurance plans including Aetna, Medicare and Humana. Dr. Andreshak also practices at Cadence Physician Group in Warrenville, IL.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Her clinical interest is in breast cancer treatment and using various surgical techniques to achieve the best oncologic and cosmetic outcome for patients. This includes breast conserving surgery (lumpectomy) and nipple/skin sparing mastectomy with immediate breast reconstruction.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Lellman graduated from Albany Medical College in 1986 and has been in practice for 31 years. He currently practices at Baystate Affiliated Practice Organization and is affiliated with Baystate Mary Lane Hospital, Cooley Dickinson Hospital and Noble Hospital. Dr. Lellman accepts multiple insurance plans including Aetna, Harvard Pilgrim and Tufts Health Plan. Dr. Lellman also practices at Mary Lane Hospital Emergency Department in Ware, MA.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Christy received a Bachelor's degree in Biology from St. Mary's College of Maryland in 2002. She received a Master's degree in Health Science and her Physician Assistant Certification from George Washington University in 2005. She is a member of both the American and Maryland Academies of Physician Assistants. Christy is passionate about women's health and has a keen interest in adolescent medicine.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " She graduated from the Florida College of Integrative Medicine in 2007 where she earned a Master of Science in Oriental Medicine as well as a Bachelor\u2019s degree in Professional Health Studies.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " She has fellowships in Nephrology and Internal Medicine and an interest in Critical Care. She is affiliated to the University of the Witwatersrand and currently practices medicine at the Chris Hani Baragwanath Academic Hospital \u2013 a large public hospital which serves approximately six million people from Soweto and the southern parts of Johannesburg. Her current research interests are in the areas of lupus nephritis; critical care nephrology; the psychosocial issues compounding the care of patients with renal failure in a resource limited setting; and the provision of effective palliative care to patients with end-stage renal failure. She is also interested in the forces of community-building in society and the central role of moral education in this process.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " She received her doctorate of naturopathic medicine from Bastyr University and completed a 2-year naturopathic family medicine residency. During her residency, she received additional training in integrative reproductive endocrinology and infertility. She serves on the board of the California Naturopathic Doctor\u2019s Association and participates on the legislative committee. She is also a member of the American Association of Naturopathic Physicians.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " J. Patrick Smith and Dr. Wulf to coordinate excellent orthopedic patient care. Her responsibilities include assisting in surgery, hospital rounds, conducting history and physical exams, ordering and interpreting tests, performing injections, splinting/casting, and writing prescriptions.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Elizabeth received her Bachelor of Biomedical Science degree from Texas A&M University. She went on to receive her Master of Physician Assistant Studies from the University of Texas Medical Branch. Elizabeth became a Primary Care Plus Scholar in Pennsylvania. When not practicing, Elizabeth volunteers in providing primary care services to underserved areas", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Dr. Militello graduated from Medical College of Georgia at Augusta University in 1973 and has been in practice for 45 years. He completed a residency at Thomas Jefferson University Hospital. He currently practices at University of Maryland Cardiology and is affiliated with Johns Hopkins Hospital and Mercy Main Hospital The Mary Catherine Bunting Center. Dr. Militello accepts multiple insurance plans including Medicare, Anthem and Blue Cross Blue Shield. In addition to English, Dr. Militello's practice supports these languages: Russian, Spanish, French, Arabic, Vietnamese, German and Italian.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She practices in Anchorage, Alaska and has the professional credentials of MD. The NPI Number for Dr. Evelyn D Rider is 1992706865 and she holds a License No. 8439 (Montana).", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He is a specialist in pediatrics and has sub-specialty certification in sports medicine. He specializes in knee, shoulder and ankle injuries in children and young adults as well as pediatric fracture care.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Lauren attended Purdue University in West Lafayette, Indiana where she received a Bachelor\u2019s Degree in Sports Science prior to attending Touro University of NV where she received a Master\u2019s of Science in Physician Assistant Studies.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Her practice focus spans from pediatrics to geriatric care with strong passions for physical medicine, nutrition, homeopathy and acupuncture. 602-845-8949, drahawnae@yahoo.com or pingelprogressivemedicine.com.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He sees patients with a wide variety of hand ailments, including carpal tunnel syndrome, cubital tunnel syndrome, dupuytren\u2019s syndrome, thumb arthritis, wrist fractures, and more.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He is also the owner and director of Advanced Plastic Surgery Center in Arlington, VA. Dr. Munasifi is board certified by the American Board of Plastic Surgery and has been recognized as one of Washington D.C.'s top doctors time and time again. He is a highly respected speaker and has presented to prestigious audiences, including overseas lectures and surgical demonstrations. In addition, he is currently the assistant clinical professor of plastic surgery at Georgetown University School of Medicine in Washington, D.C.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Born and raised in Wisconsin. His parents owned a farm and none of them attended college. He grew up with intellectual capabilities. He attended One of the best Universities in the country, Yale University, the school he really loves. He graduated on top of his class and earned BA degree in biology. He continued his education at the University of Virginia, Medical school and became a pediatric surgeon and medical scientist. Not only that he met and married his wife.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Dascher graduated from Virginia Commonwealth University School of Medicine in 1969 and has been in practice for 49 years. He completed a residency at United States Naval Medical Center. He currently practices at Flordia Hospital Medical Group, Lake County Practices and is affiliated with Florida Hospital Waterman. Dr. Dascher accepts multiple insurance plans including TRICARE, Aetna and Medicare. Dr. Dascher also practices at Florida Hospital Waterman - Emergency Room in Tavares, FL. In addition to English, Dr. Dascher's practice supports this language: Vietnamese.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She joined Family Practice Center and began her career as a physician assistant in 2007. Erin currently sees patients in Loysville, PA. </p> <p><strong>Education:</strong></p> <ul> <li>MS &ndash; Physician Assistant Studies, Arcadia University, Glenside, PA</li> <li>BS &ndash; Health Science/Psychology Minor, Lock Haven University, Lock Haven, PA</li> </ul> <p><strong>Certification: </strong></p> <ul> <li>National Commission on Certification of Physician Assistants (NCCPA)</li> </ul> <p><str", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Throughout his career, he has been put in contact with a wide range of pathology, which allowed him to keep the clinician point of view of technical limitations of the available procedures. However, the scientist in him tried to find a solution for (\u2026)", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She assists Drs. Catou Greenberg, Karen Kim and Carol Shi in providing quality and personalized health care. She obtained her Bachelor of Science degree from Ohio University and her Master of Health Science at Marietta College in Southern Ohio. Her lists of certifications include: NCCPA, DEA, ACLS, and BCLS.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " On the surface it appears he has it all\u2014money, respect, and fame. Yet behind his aloof exterior lurks a tragic past that prevents him from finding lasting happiness.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Nalachandran Sanjay practices at Vein & General Surgery Clinic in Tanglin, Singapore. He completed MBBCh - Surgery from National University of Ireland, Ireland in 1997,MRCS (UK) from Royal College of Surgeons of Edinburgh (RCSE), U.K in 2000 and AFRCS from Royal College of Surgeons, Ireland in 2001. He is a member of American Academy of Aesthetic Medicine,Singapore Laser Society,Singapore Vascular Society,American College of Phlebology,International Society for Vascular Surgeons,Vascular Society of India and Vascular Society of Great Britain/ Ireland. Some of the services provided by the doctor are: Surgery for Piles, Haemorrhoids, Anal Fissures,Colonoscopy,Surgery for Peripheral Arterial Disease,Surgery for Renal Dialysis and Stenting for Thoracic/abdominal Aortic Aneurysms etc.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She practices internal medicine and received training at the Medical College of Wisconsin School of Medicine and is affiliated with Texas Health Presbyterian Hospital Dallas. Dr. Kerwin has received numerous awards for her research and is focused on the prevention of memory loss among older adults.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Dr. Annesley completed her pediatric oncology fellowship at Johns Hopkins Hospital, where her research interests focused on the biology and targeting of molecular aberrations in high-risk pediatric acute leukemia. She joined the immunotherapy team upon coming to Seattle Children\u2019s in September 2015. Dr. Annesley is part of the team involved with treating patients on the current PLAT (Pediatric and Young Adult Leukemia Adoptive Therapy) clinical trial with CD19 CAR T cells, and she is also involved in the development of future PLAT trials. She is particularly interested in identifying and treating the mechanisms of resistance and escape from CAR T cell therapy.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He graduated with honors from the University of Notre Dame and went on to study biophysics and physiology at Georgetown University. He received his medical degree from Michigan State University College of Osteopathic Medicine and completed his orthopedic surgery residency at Michigan State University McLaren Oakland, where he served as chief resident.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He is the Director of the \u201cGalaxy Care Laparoscopy Institute\u2019, a center for advanced laparoscopy and Robotic Surgery in Pune, India. Considered as an expert in Laparoscopic Pelvic surgery and Gynecological cancer surgery, he has developed laparoscopic radical hysterectomy for cancer cervix known worldwide as the \u201cPune Technique\u201d. He is the author of many scientific publications.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He is MD from The Chicago Medical School and a Resident of Plastic and Reconstructive Surgery from the University of Miami. He also got the privilege to join Baylor College of Medicine as a Resident of Otolaryngology. Certified by the American Board of Otolaryngology and American Board of Plastic Surgery. Dr. Fisher has hospital affiliation at Coral Springs Medical Center.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " A graduate of Notre Dame and Loyola University Chicago Stritch School of Medicine, she completed residency training in Ophthalmology at the University of Washington Medical Center, followed by a fellowship in Pediatric Ophthalmology and Strabismus at the University of Michigan Kellogg Eye Center. She specializes in pediatric ophthalmology and adult strabismus.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " She graduated with honors in 1985 from Mt. Sinai School of Medicine and completed her internship and residency in internal medicine at St. Mayfield's Hospital and Yale University.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He joined Cleveland Clinic as a Clinical Associate in 2000 after completing a fellowship in advanced laparoscopy in the Department of General Surgery. Dr. Rosenblatt also holds staff positions with the Minimally Invasive Surgery Center and the Aging Brain Center, located at the Cleveland Clinic main campus. He is licensed by the State Medical Board of Ohio and board-certified by the American Board of Surgery. His specialty interests include gastrointestinal and laparoscopic hernia surgery.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Stetson is an Associate Clinical Professor of Orthopaedic Surgery at the University of Southern California Keck School of Medicine and the Department of Orthopaedic Surgery. He spends over 90% of his time in clinical practice and research and has over ten years experience as an expert witness and in reviewing complex medical-legal issues.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She is an author, educator and practitioner. She has been in the medical field for forty years. She can be reached at www.healthref.com or 970-926-7606.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He is highly regarded for both his surgical skills and compassion for his patients. He recognizes the individuality each of his patients and has helped them achieve beautiful, natural-looking results with procedures such as rhinoplasty, breast augmentation, liposuction, and gluteal implants. Dr. Mofid also performs reconstructive surgery for patients who have had skin cancers removed, facial injuries due to trauma, or a mastectomy.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " On the surface it appears he has it all\u2014money, respect, and fame. Yet behind his aloof exterior lurks a tragic past that prevents him from finding what he really needs.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He is also a Clinical Assistant Professor of Surgery at University of Illinois Chicago. Dr. Cartolano is a graduate of Chicago College of Osteopathic Medicine. He completed his residency in General Surgery at the University of Medicine and Dentistry of New Jersey followed by a Surgical Critical Care and Trauma Surgery fellowship at Ryder Trauma Center at the University of Miami. As a former EMT, Dr. Cartolano\u2019s interests include pre-hospital care and EMS education, along with disaster planning.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Delfin B. Cuajunco practices at University of the East Ramon Magsaysay Memorial Medical Center in Santol, Quezon City. He completed Doctor of Medicine from University of the East(Manila) in 1985. He is a member of Philippine Medical Association and Philippine College of Surgeon. Some of the services provided by the doctor are: Skin Diseases,Measles Treatment,Child Growth Management,Vaccination/ Immunization and Gastroenteritis Treatment etc.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She began her PA career in plastic and reconstructive surgery and now specializes in medical, surgical and cosmetic dermatology at Bowes Dermatology in Miami.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He received his training at the Long Island Plastic Surgery Group, the largest and oldest private practice group in America. Dr. Layke is board certified by the American College of Surgeons in General Surgery.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She attained a Bachelor of Science in Biology degree from The College of Charleston. Deena received her Masters of Physician Assistant from the Medical College of Georgia in 2014. Deena's medical license is issued by the Georgia Composite Medical Board and she works with two supervising physicians.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Her clientele includes Bollywood and television celebrities as well as high profile personalities from corporate sector. Her special interest has always been injectibles, hence she was one of the doctors who pioneered Botox and fillers, in India. She is also an expert advisor to esteemed corporate sectors like Parachute Advanced Hair Care Advisory, Marico Industries Pvt. Ltd., Pond\u2019s India and Vaseline, Unilever Limited. She has been consulting in Colombo for 7 years now, and caters to a large expat community on a regular basis.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He provides specialised care in Plastic Surgery and Hand Surgery at his clinic at Mount Elizabeth Novena Hospital. Dr Lim is the only Plastic Surgeon in Singapore to have dual specialised training in both Plastic Surgery and Hand Surgery. His interests and expertise lie in facial cosmetic surgery, laser and light cosmetic applications, cosmetic breast surgery and body contouring.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She brings nearly 20 years of medical experience to her role at the practice. Education Touro College School of Health Sciences, Bay Shore, NY Bachelor\u2026", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Rabia received her Bachelor\u2019s Degree in Health Science from Towson University in Maryland. She worked as a public health educator for several years before completing her Physician Assistant certification and her Master\u2019s in Medical Science. For the past six years, Rabia has worked as a Physician Assistant concentrating in family practice and women\u2019s health.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " She completed her undergraduate degree at California State University, Long Beach in Healthcare Administration with an emphasis in Information Systems and Marketing. She then received a Master\u2019s as a Physician Assistant from Western University of Health Sciences in 2005. Her focus is in Family Practice, Urgent Care and Women\u2019s health. She enjoys working as a Physician Assistant and feels that patients need to be treated as a whole. The body and mind need to be in alignment to help resolve medical issues. With today\u2019s high-stress lifestyle, healthy eating, mind and body are very important.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " She earned her ND from Southwest College of Naturopathic Medicine in Tempe, AZ, and is a member of the North Carolina Association of Naturopathic Physicians. Visit her website at www.awarenesswellness.com.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " She received her MD from Albert Einstein College of Medicine and an MPH from the University of Washington, where she also completed both a pediatric residency and a fellowship in pediatric nephrology.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " She received her undergraduate degree from The University of North Texas. Ashley completed her Masters of Physician Assistant Studies at University of Texas- Pan American.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " She practices in Dpo, Armed Forces Europe and has the professional credentials of MD. The NPI Number for Dr. Amy Kathryn Brandon is 1720149958 and she holds a License No. 0101240452 (Virginia).", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He is the director of Cerebrovascular and Endovascular Neurosurgery and co-director of the Neuroendovascular Program, leading a multidisciplinary group focused on cerebrovascular treatments.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Specialist Family and Community Medicine and Traumatology and Orthopaedic Surgery, has worked at the University Hospital Reina Sof\u00eda and currently serves on the San Juan de Dios Hospital in C\u00f3rdoba. During his long career, he has combined his work as an orthopedic surgeon with teaching at the Faculty of Medicine of C\u00f3rdoba, as well as the graduate of the University Hospital Reina Sofia. ...", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She spent the first eight years of her career in emergency medicine and urgent care. She looks forward to building relationships with families in the clinic while continuing her acute illness and injury skills. Chelsea works collaboratively with patients and their families to work towards their medical needs and goals.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Dr. Sutton has a special interest in breast cancer, body imaging, and breast imaging. She is an in-network provider for Medicare insurance. Before performing her residency at Mount Auburn Hospital and Boston Medical Center, Dr. Sutton attended McGill University Faculty of Medicine for medical school. Dr. Sutton speaks French. She is professionally affiliated with Memorial Sloan Kettering Cancer Center.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " She Completed her PA internship with Elective Africa at Coast Provincial General Hospital in Mombasa July-August 2013. Katie had the opportunity to do multiple rotations in different specialties and take part in procedures she could never of experienced as a Pre-Physician Assistant student in the States. Katie got a lot of hands on experience and learned both from doctors and clinical officers at Coast but from her fellow Elective Interns as well. She documented her experience at katieinkenya2013.blogspot.com and can be reached at ktlobban@live.com", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " An endocrinologist, and pioneer in diabetes and aging science, Dr. Vlassara has devoted more than 25 years to the discovery \u2013 and reversal \u2013 of the health implications of Advanced Glycation End products (AGEs). Dr. Vlassara\u2019s research, funded by the NIH for decades, has earned recognition from major scientific organizations such as the American Diabetes Association, the American Heart Association and National Institute of Aging. She holds multiple awards and distinctions and has published hundreds of scientific papers, reviews and book chapters.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Dr. Torkelson is also the medical director of Integrative Health with the University of Minnesota Physicians. She focuses on a holistic approach to women\u2019s health care, ranging from menopause symptoms to breast cancer treatments.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Dr. Horne joined&nbsp;Family Practice Center&nbsp;in 1999.&nbsp; She treats patients at FPC's Sunbury location.&nbsp; &nbsp;</p> <p><strong>Education &amp; Training: </strong></p> <ul> <li>Residency &ndash; Family Practice, Wyoming Valley Hospital, Wilkes-Barre, PA </li> <li>DO &ndash; Chicago College of Osteopathic Medicine, Midwestern University, Downers Grove, IL</li> <li>BA &ndash; Psychology, Gannon University, Erie, PA </li> </ul> <p><strong>Certification: </strong></p> <ul> <li>Board Certified, American Board of Family Medicine</li> </ul> <p><strong>Hospital Affiliations: </strong></p> <ul> <li>Evangelical Community Hospital, Lewisburg, PA</li> <li>Sunbury Community Hospital, Sunbury, PA</li> </ul> <p><strong>Professional Affiliation: </strong></p> <ul> <li>American Academy of Family Physicians</li> </ul>", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Dr. Mihalov serves as an Associate Medical Director of Nationwide Children's Hospital and is Associate Director of the Pediatric Residency Training Program. She has an interest in curriculum development for changing times in resident education particularly in the area of medical professionalism.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " She enjoys the challenges of teaching her patients as well as the next generation of physicians. She is mother to two STEMM-focused children, and excited that they are now sufficiently independent that she can participate in Homeward Bound. She has transitioned from competitive rowing to yoga, enjoys reading Booker-Prize nominated novels, baking, knitting, hiking and international travel. She studied history at Yale University and earned her MD at the University of California, San Francisco.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He completed a residency at University of Kentucky Medical Center. He currently practices at Joseph M Tejan MD PA and is affiliated with Methodist Dallas Medical Center. Dr. Tejan accepts multiple insurance plans including Aetna, Medicare and Humana. In addition to English, Dr. Tejan's practice supports this language: Spanish.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He has completed his graduation and post graduation in medical studies from the University of North Dakota. Currently, Dr. Rod Rohrich now practices at the Dallas Plastic Surgery Institute, where he provides clients with a wide range of plastic surgical procedures, including Rhinoplasty, facelift, liposuction, Botox, lip augmentation, secondary Rhinoplasty, laser resurfacing, and more. Over the years, Dr, Rod Rohrich has performed some of the most challenging plastic surgeries that seemed impossible. The miraculous results that Dr. Rod Rohrich as provided to many of his clients has helped him be renowned internationally.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He is also Indian National Board certified plastic surgeon and was awarded additional qualification of DNB, Diplomate of National Board, in plastic surgery. He has been working as Consultant and then as Senior Consultant, Plastic Surgery at JCI accredited Fortis Hospital, Mohali, India which is being ranked amongst top three plastic surgery centres in India by The Times of India newspaper. He is also director of Anticlock Medispa, a leading aesthetic clinic in India.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He is MD from the University of Louisville and a Resident of Plastic and General Surgery from the University of Pittsburgh and the University of Louisville respectively. He also got the opportunity to work as a fellow of Plastic Surgery Research at the University of Pittsburgh. Certified by the American Board of Plastic and General Surgery, Dr.Hendricks is the member of American Society for Aesthetic Plastic Surgery (ASAPS), American Society for Laser Medicine and Surgery (ASLMS), American Society of Plastic Surgeons (ASPS) and Fellow American College of Surgeons (FACS). He has hospital affiliation at Hoag Memorial Hospital Newport Beach.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " As medical director of JSM Fertility, Dr. Mann works in concert with IRMS physicians to give exemplary care and service to patients throughout Central and Southern New Jersey at her main office at 2 Hospital Plaza, Suite 34...", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Anne graduated with a BS degree in Genetics from Iowa State University and received her Masters degree in Physician Assistant studies from Des Moines University. Anne is a member of the Society of Dermatology Physician Assistants, Iowa Physician Assistant Society and the American Academy of Physician Assistants.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " She has overall four years\u2019 experience as an Emergency Medicine Resident and Emergency Registrar at Apollo Hospitals and Yashoda Hospitals, respectively. She is trained and experienced in managing all medical, surgical, poisoning, trauma, cardiac and neurological emergencies and has experience working in fast-paced and busy emergency departments in the past.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He has a special interest in Foot and Ankle Surgery and currently works as a Clinical Professor of Orthopedic Surgery, Chief of Division of Foot & Ankle Surgery and Director of Foot and Ankle Fellowship Program at the University of Texas Medical Branch in Texas, USA.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Ivan Ng practices at Neurosurgery Partners Brain + Spine Solutions in Novena, Singapore and Neurosurgery Partners Brain + Spine Solutions in Tanglin, Singapore. He completed MBBS from National University of Singapore, Singapore in 1990 and FRCS - General Surgery from Royal College Of Surgeon Of Edinburgh, Uk in 2000. He is a member of International Neurotrauma Society,ASEAN Society of Neurological Surgeons and Clinical Neuroscience Society, Singapore. Some of the services provided by the doctor are: Vascular Surgery,Disc Nucleoplasty,Skull base Surgery,Management Of Headaches and Trauma (Head injury) etc.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She holds undergraduate degrees in Medical Illustration and Medical Assisting and graduated with honors in both programs. She was the chair of the botanical medicine department at the National College of Naturophathic Medicine for over 20 years. She also leads classes and Ethnobotany trips in the Andes and Manu region of the Peruvian Amazon.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " His areas of expertise involve medical and surgical treatment of conditions affecting the eyelids, the lacrimal (tear duct) system, and the orbit (eye socket). These include eyelid malpositions, ptosis (lid droop), tearing, ectropion/entropion, and growths and skin cancers around the eye. Dr. Kirszrot also specializes in cosmetic eyelid surgery and has extensive experience performing blepharoplasty surgery (\u201ceyelid lifts\u201c), midface lifts, surgery to remove \u201clower lid bags\u201d, as well as using Botox and fillers such as Restylane and Juvederm to treat facial wrinkles and restore a natural, more youthful appearance.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She specializes in work with teenage mothers, improving the health of vulnerable children and decreasing youth violence. Described as a healer, educator and Boston community leader she received the 2012 Change Maker award from The Boston Foundation.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He is a prestigious member of The Romanian Society of Plastic and Reconstructive Surgery, The Romanian Society of Hand Surgery and The European Society of Aesthetic Surgery. Being trained under the supervision some of the best surgeons of the world; he brings along himself an unbeatable combination of experience and competence, which is at par with excellence.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She practices in Fargo, North Dakota and has the professional credentials of PA. The NPI Number for Judith L Reese is 1932126919 and she holds a License No. PAC0352 (North Dakota).", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He has the largest adult epilepsy surgical practice in the UK and leads the surgical arm of the Department of Clinical and Experimental Epilepsy which is the renowned, preeminent epilepsy research group in Europe.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Gross graduated from University of Rochester School of Medicine & Dentistry in 1984 and has been in practice for 34 years. He completed a residency at University of North Carolina Health System. He currently practices at Southern Crescent Plastic Surgery and is affiliated with Piedmont Henry Hospital. Dr. Gross accepts multiple insurance plans including Aetna, Medicare and Humana. Dr. Gross also practices at HMC Anesthesiology in Stockbridge, GA.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He is MD from the University of Arizona and a Resident of General Surgery from St. Lukes-Roosevelt Hospital Center. He also got the privilege to work as a fellow of Plastic Surgery from the University of Texas and joined New York University as a fellow of Tissue Engineering. Certified by the American Board of Plastic Surgery, Dr. G. Bonillas has hospital affiliations at HonorHealth Scottsdale, St. Luke\u2019s Medical Center, Tempe St. Luke\u2019s Hospital and Mountain Vista Medical Center.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He specializes in the treatment of brain aneurysms and vascular disease of the head and neck. Dr. Diaz is skilled in Gamma Knife radiosurgery for the treatment of tumors and other abnormalities.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He has been elected to the Alpha Omega Alpha national honor society and is also a certified member of the American Board of Plastic Surgery. He enjoys sharing his insights and ideas online.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Up to date, Dr. Cameron Clokie is on top of the company Induce Biologics Inc., and he is at the position of chief executive officer (CEO). Currently, Dr. Camron Clokie has a clinical practice in Toronto. Dr. Cameron Clokie has specialized in oral [\u2026]", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Obeso holds extensive clinical expertise in Video Assisted Thoracic Surgery. In November 2014, Dr. Obeso performed the world's first nonintubated uniportal thoracoscopic sympathectomy in the context of a fast-track program. Dr. Obeso frequently contributes as a reviewer on more than 10 international peer-reviewed journals and has authored important articles and book chapters. Among his greatest achievements, Dr. Obeso discovered and described a new radiological sign \"Earth-Heart Sign\", which was published in the prestigious medical journal The Lancet. In 2015, The European Journal of Cardiothoracic Surgery published his description about a new surgical technique for pulmonary artery reconstruction. Dr. Obeso is interested in surgical innovation and development of new minimally invasive techniques and hybrid procedures, especially, in the management of Lung Cancer.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Rabia received her Bachelor\u2019s Degree in Health Science from Towson University in Maryland. She worked as a public health educator for several years before completing her Physician Assistant certification and her Master\u2019s in Medical Science. For the past six years, Rabia has worked as a Physician Assistant concentrating in family practice and women\u2019s health.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He described a nutritional model of inflammation which combined fructose, refined carbohydrates and polyunsaturated oils in 2013. He speaks nationally and internationally on the benefits of restricting carbohydrates in treating modern diseases.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Chagares graduated from University of Medicine & Dentistry of New Jersey Robert Wood Johnson Medical School in 1990 and has been in practice for 27 years. He completed a residency at Monmouth Medical Center. He currently practices at The Center For Outpatient Surgery and is affiliated with Monmouth Medical Center and Mount Sinai St Luke's Hospital. Dr. Chagares accepts multiple insurance plans including Aetna, QualCare and Medicare. Dr. Chagares also practices at The Center For Minimally Invasive Surgery in Long Branch, NJ.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Carter has focused her work on Tuberculosis throughout her career. In Rhode Island she worked with the RI Department of Health sponsored TB Clinic for over 22 years. She is the immediate past president of the International Union Against TB and Lung Disease, whose mission is the development of Health Solutions for the Poor. She is the Director of the Brown University \u2013 Moi University Kenya Medical Exchange Program (AMPATH Consortium). In recognition of her global health work, she was awarded the World Lung Health Award from the American Thoracic Society in 2013. Jane has been working in the Rohingya camps since 2017 and has been leading the TB programs at HAEFA since then. Dr. Carter serves as the Senior Vice President and Director, Global Health at HAEFA.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Maria enjoys working with patients to create a successful treatment plan. Nothing makes her happier than seeing a patient become more confident and comfortable in their own skin once a condition is treated.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " She joined Family Practice Center and began her career as a physician assistant in 2007. Erin currently sees patients in Loysville, PA. </p> <p><strong>Education:</strong></p> <ul> <li>MS &ndash; Physician Assistant Studies, Arcadia University, Glenside, PA</li> <li>BS &ndash; Health Science/Psychology Minor, Lock Haven University, Lock Haven, PA</li> </ul> <p><strong>Certification: </strong></p> <ul> <li>National Commission on C", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " In his practice at Rockcastle Hospital and Respiratory Center in Mount Vernon, Ky. \u2013 the largest respiratory care center in the United States \u2013 he removes skin cancers from faces and hands and rebuilds shattered noses, among other tasks. He has learned to not only encourage others but to maintain his own mental well-being.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He namely specializes in esthetic and hand surgery. Dr. Durand has been chosen to practice at the prestigious American Board of Plastic Surgery. His distinctions are accredited to the many peer reviewed scientific articles and magazines and his qualifications as a specialized surgeon and lecturer. He participates in that title at International Congress of Surgery at the invitation of the American College of Surgeons, the Plastic Surgery Research Council and the Canadian Society of Plastic Surgeons.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He is an Instructor in Orthopaedic Surgery in Harvard Medical School. Practicing in Boston, Dr. Kaawach is affiliated with the VA Boston Healthcare System and with Brigham and Women\u0092s Hospital, and is a member of the medical staff for the Boston Ballet. Dr. Kaawach also serves on the Boston VA HealthCare System Operating Rooms Committee and previously served on the Core Curriculum Committee of the Harvard Orthopaedic Program.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He is Double Boarded in Vascular and General surgery. He was born in Riyadh, Saudi Arabia and currently resides in Charleston, WV. Dr. Abu-Halimah received his doctorate degree in 2000 from the University of Jordan in Amman, Jordan with Honors. He is licensed to practice in the state of West Virginia.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Sheppard is affiliated with East Bay Cardiac Surgery Center Medical Group in Oakland, as well as Alta Bates Medical Center in Berkeley. Public records indicate that he received $1,175 in payments from medical companies between 2014 and 2017, which is more than a majority (70%) of surgeons nationally. Dr. Sheppard graduated from University of South Carolina School of Medicine in 1987. He is licensed to practice by the state board in California (G65691).", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Stolarski also welcomes those who have had their joints replaced and are now having problems. He enjoys the complexity and challenges of problematic joint replacements.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " This does not mean that he is not proficient with other orthopedic surgeries. Greg Finch has a professional qualification known as FAOrthA. He has training in all types of spine surgery although he enjoys the invasive type.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He completed a knee surgery and sports medicine fellowship at Massachusetts General Hospital in Boston. Dr. Austin specializes in traumatic and sports injuries of the upper and lower extremities.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He is a clinical assistant professor of orthopedic surgery in Case Western Reserve University Medical School\u2019s Department of Orthopedic Surgery, and a member of the Division of Joint Reconstruction and Arthritis Surgery at University Hospitals Geauga Medical Center.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " In his 31 years of long Journey, he performed types of procedures related to Reconstructive Surgery with best results. He completed his Medical School at the New Jersey Medical School and for its vast knowledge, he joined University Hospital as a Resident of General Surgery. For practical exposure, he worked as a Resident of Plastic Surgery from Albert Einstein and Montefiore Hospitals. He also got the privilege to work as a fellow of Burn Surgery at Bronx Municipal Hospital which gave him the confidence to handle any uncertainty while doing the procedure. His Board- Certification as well as membership in various societies of Plastic Surgery is the reason for his existence as a renowned Plastic Surgeon. Dr. Schuster has hospital affiliations at Boca Raton Regional Hospital, Delray Medical Center and West Boca Medical Center.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Ambardar graduated with Honors in Biological Sciences from Stanford University where she served as Managing Editor of The Stanford Biologist, the university\u2019s premier undergraduate journal of biomedical research. She completed medical school at Baylor College of Medicine in Houston, TX, a top-ranked institution for Psychiatry training, and home of the Texas Medical Center, the world\u2019s largest medical complex. Dr. Ambardar then did a clinical postdoctoral research fellowship at Columbia University College of Physicians and Surgeons in New York, NY and completed her Adult Psychiatry residency training at St. Vincent\u2019s Hospital Manhattan/New York Medical College where she was nominated for both the IAPA Outstanding Psychiatry Resident Award and the PRITE Fellowship.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " She practices in Apo, Armed Forces Europe and has the professional credentials of MD. The NPI Number for Nicole Marie Blair is 1174846992 and she holds a License No. 0101250756 (Virginia).", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Although she is in a demanding profession, she takes time listen and involve the patient in decision-making. She is respectful, highly knowledge, and a quick thinker.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Dr. Kendra graduated from University of Tennessee Health Science Center College of Medicine in 1985 and has been in practice for 33 years. He completed a residency at Orlando Regional Healthcare System. He currently practices at Joseph C Kendra MD and is affiliated with Marshall Medical Center South. Dr. Kendra accepts multiple insurance plans including Aetna, Blue Cross Blue Shield of Alabama and Medicare. Dr. Kendra also practices at Marshall Medical Center South in Boaz, AL. In addition to English, Dr. Kendra's practice supports this language: Spanish.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She graduated from Touro College School of Health sciences with a Bachelor of Science in Physician Assistant Studies and graduated Cum Laude. Sarah began her career working in gynecology and running rapid response teams for patients at St. Catherine of Siena Medical center.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " She was born and raised in rural Iowa and attended Iowa State University where she graduated Cum Laude and received a Bachelor of Science in Kinesiology and Health with a special focus on exercise science. Upon completion of her ungraduate degree, she then practiced as a certified clinical hemodialysis technician for four years allowing her to provide life sustaining treatments to those with end stage renal disease. Her time as a hemodialysis technician inspired her to pursue a career in medicine, which would allow her to more directly make a positive impact on her patients and their health.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " In the last 4 years, she trained in teaching the MBSR program( mindfulness-based stress reduction ) at UMass University , in Shrewsbury, USA, and then got trained also as an MSC teacher at the Center for Mindful Self-Compassion.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " She worked in dermatology while training for three years at the Department of Dermatology at Mayo Clinic, Rochester, Minnesota. Her skills include skin cancer detection and treatment, diagnosis and treatment of complex skin conditions, and cosmetic dermatology. Liesel\u2019s top priority is provision of the comprehensive and personalized dermatology patient care. She focuses on earning patient trust and is an outspoken advocate for her patients.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He obtained his subspecialty training in trauma surgery and critical care at Jackson Memorial Hospital in Miami. During his fellowship training he also completed a Masters of Public Health at the University of Miami. In addition to his passion for clinical practice, Dan has developed an avid interest in global surgery education and development, as well as disaster preparedness and response. Much of this interest is founded upon on-site clinical work in government hospitals in East Africa as well as disaster response missions in Somalia, Kenya, Turks and Caicos, and most recently in Haiti. This clinical experience is the basis for ongoing capacity building programs in low and middle income nations.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He practises both privately, at Orthopaedics SA (North Adelaide), and publicly, at the Women\u2019s and Children\u2019s Hospital (also in North Adelaide), where he has headed the Department of Orthopaedic Surgery since 2005.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Since 1991 Doctor Barbara has dedicated her practice to treating the whole person, focusing on the cause of imbalance rather than treating just symptoms. Doctor Barbara spends time with her patients and is dedicated to the treatment and the healing of the entire patient body, mind and spirit.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He is MD from Howard University and a resident of Plastic and General Surgery from Louisiana State University. Certified by the American Board of General and Plastic Surgery, Dr. Mountcastle has hospital affiliation at Reston Outpatient Surgery Center and Fauquier Hospital.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Hess graduated from USF Health Morsani College of Medicine in 1981 and has been in practice for 36 years. He completed a residency at University of South Florida College of Medicine. He currently practices at Geisinger Medical Center and is affiliated with Geisinger Medical Center. Dr. Hess accepts multiple insurance plans including Aetna, Medicare and Humana. In addition to English, Dr. Hess's practice supports these languages: Spanish, Polish, French, Arabic, Russian, Italian and German.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Den Hartog to coordinate excellent orthopedic patient care. Her responsibilities include clinical evaluation and treatment, performing clinical procedures such as joint injections, assisting in surgery, prescribing medications, and helping to manage patients in the hospital or outpatient setting post-operatively. In her free time, Lindsay enjoys running, dancing, hiking, and spending time outdoors. She also enjoys time with family and friends, exploring new coffee shops, and traveling.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Her passion and love is for pediatric and maternity chiropractic care. Over the next few months, she\u2019ll be sharing her unique perspective on being a working (and pregnant) mom, along with her first-hand experience with chiropractic care.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " She has a bachelor\u2019s degree in liberal studies from the University of Michigan and completed her master\u2019s degree in physician assistant studies at the University of Detroit Mercy. Anita\u2019s experience as a physician assistant ranges from family practice, to asthma and allergy specialist, to orthopedic surgery. Prior to becoming a physician assistant, Anita was a physical therapy assistant and a personal trainer. Her wide variety of experience aids her in treating all urgent care patients appropriately.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He is based at Constantiaberg Mediclinic, and is the member of The Cape Shoulder and Elbow Unit. He has a wealth of experience in fixing injured cyclists and is an avid mountain biker. He rides as often as his wife and family let him.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He has a daughter he rarely sees and his mailman Jansson is the closest thing he has to a friend, and to an adversary. He is perfectly content to live out his days in quiet solitude.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " For several years, individuals have went to his practice from all through the entire Dominican Republic and also the United States and surrounding countries. He's earned a really positive reputation because of his professionalism, working experience, and extraordinary results.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Her sub-specialty interest lies in Breast Surgery. She pursued her interest further in Oncoplastic/Reconstructive Breast Surgery & Breast Cancer management in Nottingham Breast Institute, United Kingdom for a year in 2011, under the Human Manpower Development Scholarship. She feels that the aesthetic outcome is just as important as the cancer treatment and she aimed to merge the two by training in this field. Dr Radhika is one of a handful of surgeons in Asia who is trained in this specialty.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " After completion of his residency, he did specialized fellowship training in joint replacement surgery, sports medicine surgery, and in trauma surgery. He spent time studying throughout Europe, and was involved in some of the early research on cartilage transplant and cartilage regeneration procedures.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He has received the Howard Morgan Award for Distinguished Achievements in Cardiovascular Research and the Royal College of Physicians and Surgeons of Canada Gold Medal in Surgery. He is a member of the American Association of Thoracic Surgeons and the College of New Scholars, Artists and Scientists, Royal Society of Canada. Dr Verma has an h\u2010index of 61, with 14,482 total citations to 281 publications. Dr Verma spearheads the CardioLink clinical trials platform at St. Michael's Hospital and oversees a pre\u2010clinical research team that focuses on identifying novel biomarkers in cardiovascular health and developing innovative cardiovascular remedies.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He grew up in Trenton, Michigan. In 2001, Dr. Casetti and his family relocated to the Michiana area. As a family, they felt this would be a great place to settle down. The area also provided a lot of opportunities for the... (more)", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She practices in Apo, Armed Forces Europe and has the professional credentials of . The NPI Number for Sabrina Margareta Akhtar is 1720215460 and she holds a License No. 26034 (Nebraska).", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Her patient suggested her to see Dr. Wang to help with her infertility issues after trying IVF 3 times without success. Dr. Wang found that her hormones were imbalanced. Her husband and her needed to come to Dr. Wang's office together to have a consultation regarding diet change, life style change etc. After 12 acupuncture treatment sessions and Chinese herbal treatment within two months, she became pregnant. Ten months later she had a healthy baby. She started to refer patients to Dr. Wang's office for the same treatment.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He is also the veterinary advisor for Jurassic World Fallen Kingdom, the fifth instalment of the Jurassic Park franchise, which is due for release in June 2018.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She attended Morehouse School of Medicine where public health and primary care was early interest. Not surprisingly, she chose a career in family medicine, completing her residency at the University of Maryland and enjoying the start of her career as faculty in the Department. Her academic interests have included creating and preserving a pipeline for medical students interested in primary care careers, particularly in underserved areas of Maryland. Her clinical area of expertise has been in low-risk obstetrical care and woman\u2019s health, though full-scope family medicine remains her true passion. She resides in Baltimore, MD.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He earned his undergraduate degree from Washington and Lee University, and attended UVA for medical school. He then moved to Columbus, Ohio, for his internship and residency training at Ohio State University Medical Center. He completed the Idaho Foot & Ankle Fellowship at Saint Alphonsus hospital in Boise, Idaho, and then worked in private practice in Richmond for several years. Dr. Minton joined UVA as an assistant professor of orthopedics in April, 2014.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Robinson graduated from Albert Einstein College of Medicine Yeshiva University in 1980 and has been in practice for 38 years. He completed a residency at Ucsd Medical Center. Dr. Robinson also specializes in Vascular Surgery. He currently practices at Piedmont Health Care Endocrinology and is affiliated with Iredell Memorial Hospital. Dr. Robinson accepts multiple insurance plans including Aetna, Medicare and Humana.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Pack graduated from Wayne State University School of Medicine in 1973 and has been in practice for 44 years. He currently practices at Larry L Pack MD and is affiliated with Genesys Health Park, Hurley Medical Center and Lapeer Regional Medical Center. Dr. Pack accepts multiple insurance plans including Medicare, Humana and Cigna.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She has been involved in social justice aspects of health care since medical school in the 1980s, and she welcomes the legislation from Canada on physician-assisted death.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He practices in Juneau, Alaska and has the professional credentials of M.D.. The NPI Number for Dr. John Patrick Bursell is 1295829745 and he holds a License No. 3748 (Alaska).", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He offers Reconstruction Surgery, Cosmetic Plastic Surgery and Medical Skincare. He completed his Medical Education from the University of Kansas and undergraduate from Georgetown University. For his post-medical training, he joined Washington Hospital Center as a Resident and also got the privilege to work as a fellow at International Craniofacial Institute. Certification by the American Board of Plastic Surgery confirms his designation as a Plastic Surgeon and his membership with American Society of Plastic Surgeons is the result of his continuous efforts in the area of Plastic Surgery.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He performs a wide array of both surgical and non-surgical cosmetic procedures, including Botox, Juvederm, facelifts, abdominoplasty and liposuction; breast lifts, and breast augmentation.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " In most cases he is able to offer arthroscopy or other minimally invasive procedures, including hip resurfacing, a bone conserving treatment for arthritis and dysplasia. In providing care, Dr. Rubinstein focuses on the entire patient, not just the injured joint. He takes time to get to know patients and understand their condition thoroughly. He usually begins with conservative measures, such as change in diet, exercise, physical therapy and medications, before proceeding with surgery if needed. He makes sure that patients are well-informed about [...]", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Vance graduated from University of Louisville School of Medicine in 1967 and has been in practice for 50 years. He completed a residency at Greenville Memorial Hospital. He currently practices at West Kentucky Orthopaedics and is affiliated with Jennie Stuart Medical Center. Dr. Vance accepts multiple insurance plans including Aetna, Medicare and Humana. Dr. Vance also practices at Jennie Stuart Medical Center in Hopkinsville, KY. In addition to English, Dr. Vance's practice supports this language: Spanish.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " After earning his medical degree at Maulana Azad Medical College, he served a fellowship in pediatric neurosurgery at Children\u2019s Hospital of Michigan; a surgery internship, anesthesiology residency and neuroanesthesia fellowship at the Cleveland Clinic Foundation; and a neurosurgery residency at Allegheny General Hospital in Pittsburgh. He is board certified by the American Board of Anesthesiology and a member of the American Association of Neurological Surgeons and the Congress of Neurological Surgeons.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He completed his medical studies at Semmelweis University School of Medicine in Budapest, Hungary and the Medical University of Szeged in Szeged, Hungary. In 2005, Dr. Szalai completed his surgical training at Drexel University College of Medicine in Philadelphia, including his general surgery residency training and subsequent fellowship training in surgical critical care and trauma. In addition, Dr. Szalai received specialized training in advanced wound care in 2008 and will be joining the Wound Care Center at Lansdale Hospital. He is board certified and is a member of the American College of Surgeons.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She had been living in Tallahassee, FL since 2006 where she received her undergraduate B.S. degree in Biology from Florida State University, with minors in Chemistry, Pre-med, and Spanish. She then graduated with honors from Nova Southeastern University, where she received a Masters of Medical Science degree in Physician Assistant Studies. She has previous experience in General Orthopedics and Orthopedic Surgery, and has spent the past few years working in Neurology. She is looking forward to bringing her past experience to the Internal Medicine setting, including injections and nerve conduction studies. Her hobbies include doing crafts, water sports, and traveling.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He specializes in breast augmentation, liposuction, face lifts, breast lifts, and more. For more information or to schedule a consultation please visit the web site. [ Read more ]", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Goh Bee Eng practices at Sinchong Meheco Ltd (People's Park) in Chinatown, Singapore. Some of the services provided by the her are: Back Pain Physiotherapy and Pain Management Counseling etc.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Dr. Cullen graduated from Duke University School of Medicine in 1988 and has been in practice for 29 years. He completed a residency at Strong Memorial Hospital. He currently practices at Hand to Shoulder Center of Wisconsin and is affiliated with ThedaCare Regional Medical Center Neenah. Dr. Cullen accepts multiple insurance plans including Aetna, Medicare and Blue Cross Blue Shield of Illinois. Dr. Cullen also practices at Hand to Shoulder Center of Wisconsin in Green Bay, WI.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He believes in the quality of work and uses new trends in Plastic Surgery. He is MD from the Columbia University College of Physicians and Surgeons. For his post-medical school training, he worked at Harvard Combined Plastic Surgery as a Resident of Plastic Surgery. Dr. Maloney also worked as a fellow of Burns at Vanderbilt Medical Center. He is a certified surgeon by The American Board of Plastic Surgery and is the member of American Society for Aesthetic Plastic Surgery (ASAPS) and American Society of Plastic Surgeons (ASPS). Dr.Christopher has hospital affiliations at Camp Lowell Surgery Center and Carondelet St. Joseph\u2019s Hospital which is the result of his hard work and continuous efforts.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He was formerly head of cardiothoracic surgery at Seattle Grace Hospital, but quit after leaving his fianc\u00e9e, Cristina Yang, before their wedding. After winning a Harper Avery, he founded the Klausman Institute for Medical Research, and ran it until he gave it to Cristina.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She practices in Casper, Wyoming and has the professional credentials of M.D.. The NPI Number for Dr. Susanne S Levene is 1760581276 and she holds a License No. 10200 (North Dakota).", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " With a physician\u2019s full understanding of the body, Dr. Reiss can locate small irregularities in the anatomy - interruptions in movement and flow that arise from everyday physical and emotional injuries - by touch. She then applies gentle manipulation wherever needed over the entire body (bones, muscles, organs and all connective tissues) to restore normal structure. By removing restrictions to full motion and releasing old traumas locked inside the tissue, the circulation of vital fluids is improved, bringing back to ailing areas the body\u2019s own powerful healing abilities.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He performs a variety of advanced procedures including liposuction, and tummy tucks, and breast augmentation in Orlando. He also offers medical spa treatments like injectable fillers and BOTOX\u00ae Cosmetic. Patients visit Dr. Diaz at his office in Melbourne from cities all around Central Florida including Orlando, Merritt Island, Viera, Cocoa Beach, Vero Beach, Sebastian, Suntree, Satellite Beach, Indian Harbour Beach, and Melbourne Beach.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He practices at The University Associates at Great Neck and here at Massapequa Pain Management and Rehabilitation. He completed his Orthopedic Surgery residency at The Hospital Of The University of Pennsylvania. He is Board Certified by The American Board of Orthopedic Surgery. He serves as the Associate Chair for Orthopedics at Long Island Jewish Medical Center/Northwell Health. Dr. Silber is Division Chief for Spinal Surgery at Long Island Jewish Medical Center/Northwell Health and the Associate Professor for Orthopedic Surgery at The Donald and Barbara Zucker School of Medicine at Hofstra University.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He practices in Anchorage, Alaska and has the professional credentials of M.D.. The NPI Number for James A Baldauf is 1447275813 and he holds a License No. 792 (Alaska).", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Previously, he served as a senior health-policy adviser in the Clinton Administration. He is the author of \"Complications,\" \"Better,\" and \"The Checklist Manifesto.\" This year, he won a National Magazine Award for his New Yorker piece \"The Cost Conundrum.\"moreless", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He is currently working as Senior Consultant at Shri Rama Charitable Hospital (Ludhiana), Kalra Hospital (Ludhiana), Acharya Shri Atma Ram Jain Charitable Hospital (Ludhiana), Health Max Hospital (Ludhiana),Shibani Hospital( Kohara), Satluj Charitable Health Care Centre (Ludhiana)", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She practices a full range of Family Medicine, including Obstetrics, as well as teaching in the MSU College of Human Medicine\u2019s Shared Discovery Curriculum as a Learning Society Fellow. She has a vested interest in transforming the academic practice into a more efficient and enjoyable practice for providers, patients, and staff. She can be reached at Cathy.Abbott@hc.msu.edu.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " His candid reflections on the risky business of poking his nose into other people\u2019s heads, Do No Harm: Studies of Life, Death and Brain Surgery, was published to huge acclaim in 2014. It proved that there are exceptions to the general rule that surgeons are born arrogant, learn arrogance, or have arrogance thrust upon them. He is a consultant at St George\u2019s Hospital in London who remembers his mistakes more vividly than his successes. He has refreshingly little time for bureaucratic interference, however well meant it may be.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He is a Clinical Associate Professor of Surgery at the University of Sydney, and a Clinical Professor of Surgery at Macquarie University. He has published research articles on reflux, hiatus hernia, giant hiatus hernia, splenectomy, oesophageal cancer and stomach cancer.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He graduated from Washington University in St. Louis and the University of Louisville School of Medicine, graduating magna cum laude from the latter. Dr. Maguire completed his residency training in otolaryngology-head and neck surgery at the University of Louisville and his residency training in plastic, reconstructive and hand surgery at the University of Cincinnati. After earning his certification from the American Board of Plastic Surgery, he completed a fellowship training program in aesthetic and laser surgery in Hawaii. In addition to Dr. Maguire\u2019s private practice, he is a published author and serves on the advisory board for Suneva Medical. He also belongs to the national speaker\u2019s panel for SkinMedica.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Gulli to coordinate excellent orthopedic patient care. Her responsibilities include assisting in surgery, hospital rounds, discharge planning, patient education, conducting history and physical exams, ordering and interpreting tests, and writing prescriptions. Her time away from work is spent taking care of her family and training for Ironman distance triathlons.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Dr. Hunt is a trauma surgeon (who also happens to be Christina's husband) at Seattle Grey's hospital. Moreover, he's in charge of promoting one resident to chief resident - a prized position that everyone was gunning for, including Dr. Yang.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He specializes in all areas of aesthetic surgery with particular emphasis on facial rejuvenation and minimally invasive surgical techniques. He has the professional philosophy that above all else, beauty is unique and must be individualized to each patient.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Joseph Health Medical Group. Dr. Birch has interests in general neurosurgery and spinal surgery, including spinal instrumentation. He has a specific focus on pituitary tumors and surgical treatments for movement disorders.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She also runs a high-profile substance-abuse clinic in Las Vegas. Oh, and she\u2019s the publisher of Israel\u2019s largest newspaper and, with her billionaire husband Sheldon, a philanthropist and influential Republican party donor.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He spends about an hour with new patients, walking them through how the heart works, what the recommended procedure will accomplish and why they need it.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Conrad graduated from St George's University School of Medicine in 2000 and has been in practice for 18 years. He completed a residency at Maimonides Medical Center. He currently practices at Auburn Outpatient Surgery Center and is affiliated with Tacoma General Hospital. Dr. Conrad accepts multiple insurance plans including Aetna, Regence Health Plans and Medicare. In addition to English, Dr. Conrad's practice supports this language: Spanish.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She tells the story of how a poor patient had little choice but to wait months for a specialist; this would not have been the case if the patient had money. More", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He received his medical degree from University of Toledo College of Medicine and has been in practice for 26 years. Dr. Bohley accepts several types of health insurance, listed below. He is one of 6 doctors at Adventist Medical Center-Portland who specialize in Plastic Surgery.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Bay area patients continually select Dr. Aguiar for his skill and expertise in all areas of cosmetic surgery, plastic & reconstructive surgerya. Dr. Aguiar earned his medical degree at the University of Iowa\u2019s College of Medicine in 1991, completed his General Surgery residency at the University of Iowa Hospitals and Clinics, his Plastic Surgery residency at Indiana University Medical Center, and his Hand Surgery residency at the University of South Florida in Tampa. [Details]", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He understands that many individuals don\u2019t pursue the procedures they desire because they are under the impression that cosmetic enhancement is simply not affordable. On the contrary, there are a number of affordable treatments, and Dr. Corbett is pleased to offer a range of payment plans and financing options to help make his patients\u2019 aesthetic dreams a reality.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She is one of several Advanced Practice Providers helping to meet the demands of various high-volume surgical services such as General Pediatric Surgery, Plastic Surgery, Orthopedics,...", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Meisel stays on the cutting edge of medicine by continuing active research, specifically in rotator cuff repairs. His goal is to help patients regain and maintain an active lifestyle, whether as athletes or weekend warriors.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He specializes in cosmetic surgery of the face, body and breasts and has helped many patients achieve naturally beautiful bustlines through various forms of breast surgery, including breast augmentation. With more than 17 years of education and medical training, Dr. Greenwald is recognized as one of the most skilled Westchester breast enhancement surgeons.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She completed training in internal medicine and served as chief resident at Boston Medical center then came to DFCI/BWH to complete a palliative medicine fellowship where she then stayed on as faculty. Dr. Nabati serves on the Ethics Advisory Committee at DFCI as well as the Ethics Committee at BWH and is also a member of the Ethics Committee for the American Academy of Hospice and Palliative Medicine. She is interested in the intersection of palliative care and bioethics as well as palliative care for patients with substance abuse.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Dr. Aprahamian graduated from Medical College of Wisconsin in 2003 and has been in practice for 13 years. He currently practices at Pediatric Urology Group and is affiliated with Carle Foundation Hospital and OSF St Francis Medical Center. Dr. Aprahamian accepts multiple insurance plans including Aetna, Medicare and Humana. Dr. Aprahamian also practices at Bloomington Pediatric Specialty Center in Bloomington, IL.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Mills is an active member of the American Society for Aesthetic Plastic Surgery, the California Society of Plastic Surgeons, the American College of Surgeons, and the American Society of Plastic Surgeons. He has served as the President of the California Society of Plastic Surgeons and has been recognized for his innovations and contributions to plastic surgery. Dr. Mills has published numerous books and papers and has presented in front of national and international audiences at plastic surgery meetings.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He had undertaken an internationally recognised foot and ankle fellowship at the renowned Avon Orthopaedic Centre in Bristol His major clinical interest is in arthroscopic and endoscopic ( keyhole surgery ) treatment of ankle and foot conditions. He introduced the Cartiva big toe cartilage implant to Reading. He is actively involved in research and has published and presented internationally. His particular research interest is on bunion correction, arthritis of the big toe, interdigital (Morton's) neuroma and Achilles tendon inflammation. At his local NHS base he is dedicated to passing on skills to the next generation of surgeons. He is both an educational and clinical supervisor of surgical trainees at The Royal Berkshire Hospital", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She is board-certified in both Obstetrics and Gynecology as well as Reproductive Endocrinology and Infertility. Dr. Alexander\u2019s main clinical interests include the treatment of polycystic ovary syndrom...", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " For over fifteen years Dr. Winn has worked to provide care to vulnerable populations that face barriers to healthcare access. As a medical professional, Dr. Winn understands how important fitness is to one\u2019s health. On a personal level, he also understands what it\u2019s like to be overweight, so he is able to empathize with patients who struggle to live healthier lives.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He sees patients at The Joint Replacement Center of Scottsdale, located at the Scottsdale Orthopedic Institute, and performs surgery at Scottsdale Healthcare Thompson Peak Hospital.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She graduated from Anderson High School. After graduating, Dr. Jennifer Walden earned Bachelor\u2019s degree in Biology from the University of Texas. After Walden graduated, she then attended the University of Texas school of Medicine. She graduated holding the title as salutatorian of her entire class. Afterwards [\u2026]", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr Tavakoli is a fully qualified Australian trained Plastic Surgeon specialising in Cosmetic Surgery of the Face, Breast Body. His area of specialty is Breast Augmentation, Rhinoplasty and ...", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He serves as the medical director of thoracic oncology at St. Luke\u2019s MSTI, and is working on the application of robotic surgery to general thoracic surgery and the development of a lung cancer screening program. Dr. Schoolfield earned his bachelor's degree in biology and chemistry from the University of Sioux Falls. He completed his general surgery residency at Robert Packer Hospital, and his cardiothoracic surgery residency at Oregon Health & Science University, where he trained in VATS for pulmonary lobectomy, esophageal surgery, and minimally invasive tumor staging of the mediastinum with endoscopic ultrasound.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Fabry graduated from Ohio State University College of Medicine in 1996 and has been in practice for 22 years. He completed a residency at Virginia Mason Hospital and Medical Center. He currently practices at Santa Cruz Medical Foundation Chanticleer and is affiliated with Sutter Maternity & Surgery Center of Santa Cruz. Dr. Fabry accepts multiple insurance plans including Aetna, Medicare and Humana. Dr. Fabry also practices at Joseph M Fabry DO in Santa Cruz, CA. In addition to English, Dr. Fabry's practice supports this language: Spanish.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She completed her Bachelors of Science in Physician Assistant Studies at the Medical College of Georgia School of Medicine and Public Health in Augusta, GA. She completed her surgical residency through the Norwalk Yale Surgical Residency Program in New Haven, CT. She is certified by the National Commission on Certification of Physician Assistants with certifications of additional qualification in Advanced Trauma Life Support, Advanced Cardiovascular Life Support and Pediatric Advanced Life Support. She is primary interested in acute general surgery, wound care, minor procedures, nutrition, pain management, cardiology and surgical critical care.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " She earned her bachelor\u2019s degree in environmental biology from the University of Colorado Boulder in Boulder, Colorado, and later graduated from the surgeon assistant program at The University of Alabama at Birmingham. Deborah has participated in multiple motion preservation FDA studies and clinical research projects, specializing in the diagnosis and treatment of chronic spinal pain, including sacroiliac joint dysfunction. She is certified by the National Commission on Certification of Physician Assistants.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " She practices in Apo, Armed Forces Europe and has the professional credentials of DO. The NPI Number for Dr. Sarah Deanna Vaughn is 1184932204 and she holds a License No. 20A1728 (California).", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He and Magda were among Israel\u2019s first settlers after it was declared a sovereign nation on May 14, 1948, surviving World War II and escaping the communist takeover in eastern Europe. They have two children, Henry and Monica Wolfson, both among the first children born in Israel.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He spent an extra year of surgical and medical training after residency to concentrate on the diagnosis and treatment of athletic injuries. He has worked with various professional athletic organizations including the New Orleans Saints and New Orleans Pelicans; collegiate teams such as University of New Orleans; and numerous high school teams in both New Orleans and Brooklyn. He was also selected to be an assistant orthopedic surgeon at the NBA All Star Game and NFL Combine.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Originally from Orlando, Dr. Pappas attended medical school and did his General Surgery residency at the University of Miami/Jackson Memorial Hospital in Miami, and completed fellowship in Surgical Critical Care and Trauma at Orlando Regional Medical Center. He is board certified in General Surgery and Surgical Critical Care and has an active interest in research, education and injury prevention.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She practices in Birmingham, Alabama and has the professional credentials of MD. The NPI Number for Gim Teng is 1093920274 and she holds a License No. 26062 (Alabama).", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " She practices in Apo, Armed Forces Europe and has the professional credentials of D.O.. The NPI Number for Dr. Rebecca Lucas is 1922081140 and she holds a License No. OP00001835 (Washington).", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He is board certified in vascular surgery. Dr. Parodi has special interest in aortic aneurysms, peripheral artery disease, carotid artery disease, and endovascular surgery.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She has taken her talent and love of painting into the world of fashion. As a physician, a wife and a mother, she runs a growing fashion business that is profitable and that she also hopes to use to help others someday. This sounds like a lot for one person to handle, but Dr. Singh has taken the time to research every step along the way.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " After qualifying in Manchester in 1988 his postgraduate training was undertaken in the North West. He worked at many of the major teaching hospitals including The Christie Hospital Cancer Institute, was awarded an MD Thesis in 2000 and after a brief period working in America took up a Consultant post at Manchester Royal Infirmary in 2002. After nearly three years he moved to Poole to build laparoscopic and pelvic floor surgery locally. Andrew Clarke is one of a number of surgeons in the UK to routinely perform the HALO operation for treatment of haemorrhoids.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He's also the founder of East Bay Neurosurgery and Backbone clinic, which was listed by Medicare as one of many busiest and finest neurosurgery apply clinics in San Francisco Bay Space. Dr. Tang is understood for his friendly perspective and has been serving to sufferers with their considerations with a extra private approach. His clinic additionally has a website, where patients can discover priceless information on treatments, procedures and ways to contact him for a consultation session.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " In addition to her clinical work, Maria maintains several education leadership roles in both the undergraduate and postgraduate programs and participates in education research and other forms of education scholarship.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Dr. Gulotta\u2019s interests include arthroscopic and open surgery, as well as non-operative management of shoulder problems. He currently serves as a reviewer for the Journal of Bone and Joint Surgery, the Journal of Shoulder and Elbow Surgery, Clinical Orthopaedics and Related Research, and the Journal of Orthopaedic Research. He is also on the Editorial Board of the HSS Journal.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Two American bodies certify him to carry out Plastic Surgery. He is well-known in cosmetic medical industry due to his outstanding competencies as well as safety practices in the medical field. Indeed his skills are evident in the gluteal augmentation practices where he has earned the trust of several individuals. Dr. Mark Mofid trained at two universities namely, Johns Hopkins and Harvard.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She brings over a decade of experience practicing in the North Georgia community to Medical Associates of North Georgia, and offers attentive, compassionate care to patients from pediatric to adult. Dr. Todd has special interests in women\u2019s health, chronic disease management, diabetes management and pediatric care.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Despite her parents\u2019 warning not to pursue medicine, Pamela followed her heart only to discover that to heal her patients she had to first heal her profession. Fed up with \u201cassembly-line medicine,\u201d Dr. Wible held town hall meetings where she invited citizens to design their ideal clinic. Open since 2005, Wible\u2019s innovative model has sparked a populist movement that has inspired Americans to create ideal clinics and hospitals nationwide. When not treating patients, Pamela devotes her time to medical student and physician suicide prevention. Named the 2015 Women Leader in Medicine, Pamela\u2019s pioneering work has been featured on several major news outlets, including the Washington Post, CNN, ABC, CBS, and NPR.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He takes an extraordinarily detailed approach to each procedure, and believes there is no such thing as a standard facelift. Instead, he customizes every facial surgery to the needs of the patient.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Prior work experience has been as a Physician Assistant in Family Medicine and Emergency Medicine in Kansas, and as a Medical Technologist in Chemistry, Immunology, and Blood Banking in Dallas, Memphis, Oklahoma City and Tulsa. Julie received a Bachelor of Science Degree, Physician Assistant Studies and graduated cum laude from Wichita State University in 2000; her Bachelor of Science Degree in Medical Technology was conferred by Oklahoma State University in 1984. She has been a Physician Assistant since 2000 and is a member of the American Academy of Physician Assistants.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Upon obtaining his undergraduate degree from the University of WA in 1979, he received his General Surgical Fellowship from the Australasian College of Surgeons in 1988.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Poland earned her medical degree from Wayne State University School of Medicine in Detroit. She completed her internal medicine residency at St. Joseph Mercy Hospital in Ann Arbor, Michigan, and her addiction medicine fellowship at Boston University in Massachusetts. Dr. Poland\u2019s clinical interests include safe opioid prescribing, medication assisted treatment of substance use disorders and treatment of females with substance use disorders. As a Learning Society Chief, Dr. Poland hopes to increase awareness of healthy behaviors, self-care, wellness and decreasing risky behaviors and stigma; for both the medical students and their patients. When not working, she enjoys spending time with her husband and two children and their chickens: Sweetie, Sunny, Cuddles and Jim.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " In addition to being one of the most in demand Plastic Surgeons in Ontario, he is a full professor in the Department of Surgery at the University of Toronto... Read More", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He obtained his Bachelor of Medicine and Bachelor of Surgery from National University of Singapore in 1999 and has more than 10 years of working experience in the field of Obstetrics & Gynecology.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Because of her profound love of animals, she founded the group No Kill Shelter Alliance and also co-founded its sister group Save More Kill Less, with a view to reforming Southern California\u2019s high kill animal shelters, starting with Orange County Animal Care, because it exemplified everything that is wrong with the system. Through her advocacy, she has forged alliances with some of the leading organizations in this space, and most notably has spent time at both Austin Animal Care and Austin Pets Alive, widely recognized as the gold standard in the field of animal sheltering.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " She has been caring for patients since 2009 at Family Practice Center in Middleburg, PA.</p> <p><strong>Education:</strong></p> <ul> <li>BS &ndash; Physician Assistant, Pennsylvania College of Technology, Williamsport, PA</li> </ul> <p><strong>Certification: </strong></p> <ul> <li>National Commission on Certification of Physician Assistants (NCCPA) </li> </ul> <p><strong>Professional Affiliation: </strong></p> <ul> <li>Pennsylvania Society of Physician Assistants</li> </ul>", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He received his medical degree from Harvard Medical School and has been in practice for 6-10 years. He is one of 19 doctors at OHSU Hospital who specialize in Orthopedic Surgery.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He combines his aesthetic sense with the latest, safest, most proven surgical techniques to perform breast, body, and aesthetic facial surgery for Dallas/Fort Worth patients.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He is a Council Member of the Fellowship of Postgraduate Medicine and a member of the RSM. He is a reviewer for The European Journal Of Cardiovascular and Thoracic Surgery as well as Injury. Since retiring from active clinical work, he has increased his involvement with overseas training, teaching cardiac surgeons as well as operating.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Joseph\u2019s Hospital and Medical Center. Dr. Zwayne\u2019s expertise includes pediatric and adolescent gynecology. She is a member of American Congress of Obstetricians and Gynecologists (ACOG), North American Society for Pediatrics and Adolescent Gynecology (NASPAG), and Society of Obstetricians and Gynecologists of Canada (SOGC). Dr. Zwayne received her medical degree from The University of Texas Medical Branch. She completed her residency in obstetrics and gynecology at Banner University Medical Center in Phoenix and her fellowship in pediatric and adolescent gynecology at the Hospital for Sick Children in Toronto, Ontario, Canada. Her special interests include global health.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He has a special interest in minimally invasive spine surgery. He is a gold medalist in Orthopaedics. He has done multiple spine fellowships in various countries including Australia, South Korea and UK. He has been practicing in Mumbai since over 8 years.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Her research interests are in the area of safety and injury prevention of children and teens with developmental disabilities. She previously collaborated with CIRP researchers on an analysis of children with special health care needs in the Partners for Child Passenger Safety (PCPS) database. She most recently led a study on the learning to drive experience of adolescents with higher functioning autism spectrum disorders.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " She is also very pretty. She opens an office in a small Western town. The cowboys all fall in love with her and pretend various ills and aches in order to get next to Julia. Julia is wise to their game and the funny stunts she makes them do will win laugh after laugh from any audience.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " Dr. Romanelli is also Chief of Surgery at Huntington Hospital. He established the premier plastic surgery practice, Romanelli Cosmetic Surgery, more than 20 years ago. A talented and skilled cosmetic surgeon, Dr. Romanelli is pleased to offer his patients the personalized, attentive care they deserve. Visit his site for more information.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She holds a BSc in Biochemistry as a graduate of Chelsea College, University London. This was followed by a MPhil in Peripheral Nerve Regeneration at the Royal College of Surgeons of England, University of London. This prompted her to study Medicine and she is a graduate of St. Bartholomew\u2019s hospital, University London.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr Touijer is an expert in the use of advanced laparoscopic /robotic surgical techniques to treat patients with genito-urinary cancers (prostate, kidney, bladder, testis and adrenal cancers). He teaches advanced laparoscopic urologic oncology at the European Association of Urology, the American Urological Association Annual Meetings and the European Institute of Telemedicine.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " His work is solely concerned with treatment of disorders of the spine. These conditions include degenerative disorders of the back or neck (disc herniations, stenosis, spondylolisthesis, etc), tumours of the spinal column, infections involving the spine (Tuberculosis etc), osteoporosis of the spine, trauma to the spinal column and developmental problems including scoliosis.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He is the Michael and Grace Drusinsky Chair in Orthopedic Surgery and Sports Medicine. He is chief of shoulder and elbow surgery at University Hospitals Cleveland Medical Center and is the associate program director for the orthopedic surgery residency program at UH. He is an assistant professor in orthopedic surgery at Case Western Reserve University School of Medicine.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " In addition, he practices orthopedic oncology, that is, treatment of bone issues related to both malignant (cancerous) and benign (non-cancerous) tumors. Dr. Fox also established and runs OrthoAccess, IBJI's immediate care clinics for orthopedic injuries that don\u2019t require an emergency room visit. A lifelong member of the North Shore community, Dr. Fox was inspired to become a physician by an uncle who was an obstetrician/ gynecologist, who impressed him with his compassion and professionalism. He chose to specialize in orthopedics because it enables him to solve patients\u2019 problems and return them to health.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He also has a successful practice in Lynnwood and the surrounding Seattle area. Dr. Jonov offers comprehensive breast, body and face surgery procedures, artistically applied injectable products, and non-surgical alternatives custom tailored to meet each patient\u2019s needs and desires.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He diagnoses and treats degenerative diseases, arthritic conditions, fractures, tumors, deformities such as scoliosis, lower back pain and other conditions through various surgeries and treatments of the spine and vertebrae. He is very interested in complex surgical cases such as revisions wherein he is able to salvage prior failed surgical procedures. Dr. Lenard travels several times a month to see patients in all Comprehensive Orthopaedic Global offices/clinics of St. Thomas, St. John & St. Croix.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Charles Hospital and ProMedica Bay Park Hospital. He received his medical degree from American University of the Caribbean School of Medicine and has been in practice for 17 years. Dr. Gupta accepts several types of health insurance, listed below. He is one of 2...", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He is on staff in the School of Surgery with The University of Western Australia and is also a course coordinator for the Masters of Traumatology with the University of Newcastle. He has authored and instructed on numerous trauma and emergency surgery related courses, and is engaged in the field of trauma research. He is a Board member of the World Society of Emergency Surgery. Locally he serves as the trauma representative for State Committee, as well as the regional representative for the Clinical Examinations Committee for the Royal Australasian College of Surgeons.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Costin graduated with Alpha Omega Alpha honors from Case Western Reserve University School of Medicine in 2008. He completed his residency at Riverside Methodist Hospital and The Ohio State University Havener Eye Institute where he was elected \u2018Resident of the Year\u2019 during his intern year and Chief Resident in his last year. He completed a two year fellowship in ophthalmic plastic and reconstructive surgery at Cleveland Clinic Cole Eye Institute and was a staff surgeon at Cleveland Clinic until joining Cleveland Eye Clinic in 2017. For his research, Dr. Costin was awarded first place in the 31st Annual Ophthalmology Research Symposium at The Ohio State University Wexner Medical Center in 2011 and \u2018Best Fellow Research Presentation\u2019 in 2014.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He is MD from the College of Medicine and Dentistry of New Jersey. For his post-medical school training, he joined Cornell Weil Medical Center as a Resident of Plastic Surgery. He is the member of American Society for Aesthetic Plastic Surgery (ASAPS), American Society of Plastic Surgeons (ASPS) and Fellow American College of Surgeons (FACS)", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Geni Abraham. She has resided in Wellington, Florida for the past 5 years. She relocated from Bel Air, Maryland where she resided for 16 years. Sheree is married and has 2 teenage daughters. She graduated from State University New York at Cortland with a B.S. in biology in 1987.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He has worked with companies such as IBM, and GE Medical. He also sits on the board of directors of numerous corporations and has 10 year of experience in medical research.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " His expertise is sought by people of discerning taste for either of 2 situations. Those who wish to maintain, or restore the freshness of their facial appearance naturally, without any trace of surgery. And those, usually younger people, wanting to enhance their natural attractiveness or even to become more glamorous, by enhancing aspects of their facial appearance.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " Dr. Blanda graduated from University of Pittsburgh School of Medicine in 1985 and has been in practice for 32 years. He completed a residency at Summa Health System. Dr. Blanda also specializes in Sports Medicine. He currently practices at Blanda Orthopedic Sports Medicine Ctr and is affiliated with Western Reserve Hospital. Dr. Blanda accepts multiple insurance plans including Aetna, Medical Mutual of Ohio and Medicare.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " He completed a Bachelor of Science degree in chemistry at Brigham Young University\u2013Idaho and earned his Master of Science at Salus University in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. He is certified by the National Commission for Certification of Physician Assistants. Robert and his wife have two children and love the outdoors.", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He is expert in Breast Lift With Implants and Brazilian Butt Lift and has more than 13 years of experience in the field of Plastic Surgery. He completed his Medical Education from Tufts University and worked as a Resident of Plastic Surgery from the University of Washington. He also worked as a fellow at Aesthetic Surgery Institute in San Francisco. His board certification by the American Board of Plastic Surgeon is the authentication to be a certified Plastic Surgeon. Dr. Kapoor is the member of American Society of Plastic Surgeons and has hospital affiliations at Olympia Medical Center and Mercy Hospital.", "label": "surgeon"}
{"text": " She practices in Apo, Armed Forces Europe and has the professional credentials of DO. The NPI Number for Dr. Jamie Swartz is 1134333982 and she holds a License No. 508 (Nebraska).", "label": "physician"}
{"text": " He has established an impressive career working with OrthoMaryland in Baltimore. Dr. Waldman is the Director of the Center for Joint Preservation and Replacement at the Rubin Institute for Advanced Orthopaedics at Sinai Hospital. Previously, Waldman stood as the President of the Medical Staff at Sinai Hospital from 2009 until 2011. Barry Waldman MD is also a Clinical Instructor of Orthopaedic Surgery at the Johns Hopkins School of Medicine.", "label": "surgeon"}
